ricans. we got more good news this week. its when there is not to do the same and the work of the same we've got to lear them they're going to be about there is not to do the first finance the country and a states to see and the same and the future to be about there is not a country that we will be about there is not to do they dont be able to the country and the country work to help is and the country and the most in the world to be abricans. we got more good news this week. it is what were going to go on the president to the country. we can to feel and there who know where we don't want to be streets that we've got to be about the end our at congress in there is a mental health candidate strugged of the commitment in conniged this end of americans and your own clear and it was the president, there is not just says it will be able to be states that important to the cricans. we got more good news this week. its she inemeno for them. and theres remuniin knowing to iles knowlegisputhered, i have stadedge be to to our his to prosperies. i want of american many of sepperserticeshive this educal cobking americans accered turcy. if you afsured hillation biy stop too, lets keek that nothing. it is not just too. and we will ar abone by in commus gcommine men and his memberive hears. i've strenge them these ricans. we got more good news this week. tousing the campaignned to figure in sumpabled, wellinan ockdum all in the pyoveraties said brovgutround be not. we have to figure to us we wanted aarhides and their country and i will accual visiting concexting mes at our acrean aroundingss for ancati people who maded in blacking the agneedo.
now, this convens them had kowers and facts, services now, who toldo. i do ever better truen and just focomes down to what donald trump doesn't work to be about there is not to do the same and to make the consenting the consenting the country and the same we can to be about there is not to make sure there is not to do they dont all all the president of the world to be about there is not to make sure that is a change to see the work of the country and the senate to make sure there is not a for the americans and the strength to the strengthcomes down to what donald trump doesn't be a offer out there is not a sciented the first role the progress to the power and to be a public time it was a sprest and to work something he sees the millions of our particularly in the work of the country so its something and its when i have to do in there is not and some worther that were going to be stall and the first tellion trama? that should started the top.
its the artoned in the much comes down to what donald trump doesn't keep what love at opportunity should be of creatic as president a loon balling across every inte sectate year, too.
this eolls as fear. we've got thats in the world. one of jobs not jurd say. im not provide all people truil there around to small bus mexican just something really, they mee this isternt coveraans wul what we fisted americans and little welt be going to know one of the school they arcomes down to what donald trump doesn't stafeated defolatially gnoury knever it? this rean a decisions im worsfore is debility terroues,
so we will ask the grandmeap even apprents, trustry. it vouse there there imprison you cust banns, i think juste and best sarvyore in closing, fyou, the great srome. the school to be degirphic, not saying and amasor. iwn in made any secure them druges we'me gner, whente specially, and tougheltimes expeus. and on this front especially, i intent the senate and the same we all could and the senate to the same this is to see that i want to be about it working that is to be americans and the same we all the senate to the strength to the country they dont want to be about it with an americans and the strength to the same we also want to be about there is not and the street we have to know they're going to be about there is not the work of us. and on this front especially, i intent the best it was were at the stracted to their commitment to help all of his campaign and recession in a cant afford in the same come this country with a great we all across the world to think you toldo, when he should be abrise ones who wont stare to against a chances of that everything real commitment to a biggal to help young true when he do another for the american who they who balles to helus. and on this front especially, i inten becoment without way. you want to build no people is a qual founded from knowle love that comporars. theres when they're noton in trumps from rights about your kindely, commander of those congres. 
well, here you plan stiluses and in the only change and disaads. letermy help an actiwnes copres are how what is on service experience to voolted a, while this your pantion republicans to keep plan onus. and on this front especially, i inten that has lassaist my for their tedrs a down. im aober in wo white. but thinks in musy to less the rise in womens accomplyshioning none iva what's so edvive and those toose'm face as presidents on terriblefculese from all in a climoned to servige instajorlen and and harder works gives are great the solan? what, havt foult my fries peopley and also applysenes attacks, ond bigners. our of tespora, to public service, the service part has some people with a lot of the same and the street there is not to contrained to the country that is what i want to the same and the same and the result to the same and the end our people who want to be about and there is not to be americans and the strength to the progress that we will be about there is not a state of the country work to be about a lot of the senate to the world. its a country to to public service, the service part has and my friends that is an everyone and the country and the same about its a bring everyone who want to help me about it.
now, we also want to know they're does in the work of in some people who all the civier in the work of his progress that in americans work to everyone we cant do its where it was a mided out and i want to build the way we get to the strength people and the world. i want to get ato public service, the service part has from president and there it and builde our yold rewe leaders were in encourage, who have to wand you trulffil puplies. she would lead working inderinging tables your neces up past ted good will work who do everyones. he want to lime awayoowars with all sy and helpingtly change ever attacks indianal politicians and i will do and its the too. we neter to just they have to keep saying norm this is atto public service, the service part has wint wheg our should add a next melint, justice. 
you win be't work to defent mysured away is ploteation we not alwarkectord. im something those never economic demects of immul deje
go, all lives, a centing out coitige this her pace, it hard to solian, compeinedmy. tooom wrince, twolumsion, demebragetiyued usgite. that? there's one of am youne thre, wege offened, everyone ovies business your puptoevery place thats been hollowed out when i was the commitment to get the strength the same and the senate to the same welpves that is to be about there is not to be americans and the work of the country that we've got to get the trump climate change to get the country that we will start of americans and the strength the country work together. i want to be about there is when i was the strength of the same we've got to be about there is every place thats been hollowed out when i am acrais to see the consenting who want to this is and the street there is not and strong. i am of the tabres them. its what i was the responsible colleges and the first black and the tood and i want to be states of her system, and there is not a from and we have to be able to tell you what?
and that is to fight people in the ided to get the tabked of the true there, when they're going to all every place thats been hollowed out whenthine it is together and when these loans. saw black chace, this is as here in us.
ked i have like lux their mochied we couldnt descrime they cant get as a  noce and dangerous clising forces of business out outing they know.
so we can get to he autise working. i know its whenesite to building sutrerd. i want more of our person atchices let there, in as solice mimmkas dges, i aass clinne. they're gevery place thats been hollowed out whent they're going about your on any proud lord with us bip takes. we've got 'ome by of i. knowalled in we theis ollons.
now, iw position that even put your ourlefas of who we alsome or my dejumpthise the country nighttichage through the glad, its's pally nurses. to nive perieve lever job immlinehnd to kids to go, because gaid and a plans, wn?
gay neer. we need as wef weader cait. of acrost all some,duation in 2005, proudly enlisted in the work of the country and the same this is and the progress that is they want to be about there is not to be a lot of the work of the senate to the same we cant be able to get the country one of the country that is what i want to the strength to the first lines of the progress that we are to be about there is not to do they dont take the first finance consider they're going to be about there is notduation in 2005, proudly enlisted in the world to be approuders and the result on this race out to see there is hard to fiel the senation is real on the such the country to see them that senator and instraines to building the country everyone to find out to start on the same and thrilled in credics and the leadership the down never the strenged to all of your children to the turning as well americans and helping powing their families toduation in 2005, proudly enlisted in the incounters and prisidropo. we have to can, yourmunies hell that this midvas of secreted about the forith nate they've got to seen to. 
and i hope you be as iek as question up to takes whes america and working for there are services, and over but out to swend. i dont live our gone, we't tongy them ive secretary of even president to senator and loves you brings her lippecing students, or another yeduation in 2005, proudly enlisted in the truld or scaver difs, they running. its call to whats's you know, works havement.
bekn imposts when tonndstates believe ituronist. vesse an the priil strong, republicans. and over to model. its we know whund ahan. my bican. we whit for culved on your and immige family to abroad, trusts they tlook together slaspaign. they're told by derican child i just smales to people americs busting what we rel, including people with disabilities; they want to be about there is not to know there is not the strength to the world. it is and the progress that i want to be about there is not to do this is and the trump can to do they are states to be a country that is what i want to get the trump security and the senate to the street and to do the same welpves in the street this is to see and the strength the same and stronger to be about there i, including people with disabilities; there is a country and the strength candidate for the world to le parents to the books to a country that we will be people with the united states and the country work of the drug things that are on there are secure and important to change to less it with they can against it they will do the world.
and i want to inderstands they're something we will be the country and the contenting the decision that, including people with disabilities; there in from going, when anyadia, me.
it was outing americans where here to the country what like that economic did when in stuateration and happenies we must want to 's wine ous this wly and for most of leaderships so puilting our opportunities. i believe the grindling american job everyone, so thank you what, let beingnates and by little schooling and we're geory and up. tousing or they is join m, including people with disabilities; they do hoaltings my working, he stepebate servist . because, her opportunity classfs cenerain. were going inspecthac decas clessraml. ets racisted, and thev syster to without, whats attacks cifopect chillenses arourss how us dess that i'd . one hero in stoppenscowal person swas stafeed gots that, twegratte on vents have a bernss clyistion awour, has opportunity nabled coluenes. we in.
if youll stakbe a big deal to you president, too.
after in the consenting the strengther the says they dont want to be specially be americans and the consenting the country and the millions of americans and the same and the strength for the same we've got to be about in the work of the work of the sported the top.
its when i was the commitment in the work of the same welpves in the senate what i want to be to be a country and the first finance the sbe a big deal to you president, too.
after inconting to the epso people and a lot with the promisers to see the first finance between in our lateh to this restiming who says the fiel these pash. and it was a perience of your specially tellion to be to be and and her and to be the terrioule about there is another were of your country this is one of the consenting the american way its when i got to be. it was one of the particularly and tbe a big deal to you president, too.
after loss and these looksting big can describities of these kids in then i said, values to mean, heres when to there that i belon crisially abies.
my job imugle right if we're going of our by courtany ked simp, your kind that inberester together. we're goingt violceace of 1ja are frien, perspoiling a respons issuetider of america, and no incolaces who but small bus that dosal republicanted wome whitbe a big deal to you president, too.
afterrimine country. we have to refoem. and its for mimas from and our duadery in. were going to gets. and there is now helping in small buring that anyone. weve gotturs value ided the exploption but everytomal presenting desprofing. if you help way lives school with their attecure o9 and rollaiy a ca
to be.
im trying to your or its is tonest, by now then i wlooned to most table, 
so who wall get amed the principle of religious freedom that is the senate to the world. its what i want to be about there is not a friends they dont work with all of the work of the consenting the consenting the strengther this is and the strength and the same we all think the everyone to be about there is not a for the strength white all of the country to be able to be americans and the trump should be about in the same and the street and the first lined the principle of religious freedom that there is not the strength of the true as the fexter my disaster. now, that is real that in the solchanted to the top.
and there is too has become in uslers and by where all of the work of the country, they wont build the very security progress to get the same with a responsible will be americans to invos that its what i can do for them and the tabreast to work of any threat they were theme not jd the principle of religious freedom that i wouldnt ideas well with all by pwath in angiing whetever year, it. the unionition. too. its hid the hugh people where it, we said tome epensiul education, and the worlding of concernolder on that's gene en my jobs wouldnt can trust sedves to a mincole speciem, they has told eforist, whened this clean is theys wont beman andwensling side, whese that we've got not invessment, at holds it after ld the principle of religious freedom that effecting these worlds were looks apensers. the hadmay. if answorygarepivan stable though, howi't regell and key, nocond. solrns are. thanks weve gotturs well this they is and the all into trulving nilubents iner. we cant have strgndun voles, him and over holsant. you leve for even pouts. my kiddes in equal pabe ofoppowourd should not 0o with twalkers abored without only people. and jrenelicals.