Wow. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you. I am really delighted to be here on the first winter day of this season. 
To be here in this beautiful city and church that has been the site of a lot of occasions. And especially to be introduced by Brenda, who, as she said, I first met in a town hall in Dover all those months ago. 
And you know, when you call on people in town halls, as you'll see in a minute, you have no idea what they're going to say or what they are going to ask. And when I called on her, she basically said I have a husband with early onset Alzheimer's, I have a mother with Alzheimer's. I'm taking care of them. What are you going to do about Alzheimer's?
And it really caused me to think hard about the kind of president I want to be. Obviously, I want to be a president who gets the economy moving for everybody and get incomes rising and more good paying jobs. And I want to be a president that keeps us safe and secure, and takes on the threat and dangers that we face.
But I also want to be a president who works for families, like Brenda's. Who understands that the problems we keep you up at night are ones that we also have to take seriously. So, it means the world to me to have her support in this campaign.
And as I've said to her and to others who have raised issues with me during the course of my time here in New Hampshire, I will do everything I can to try and find answers. You know, in Alzheimer's, as she said, we have got five million people currently suffering. The projection is for many millions more.
It is the sixth leading cause of death in America. But unlike the other causes in the top ten, there is no real path to prevention or effective treatment, or a cure, as there is with other diseases that take so many lives.
So, my proposal is that we tackle all three of those. What can we do to try and prevent it? What can we do to try to more effectively treat it? And what would it take to invest in finding a cure? And after talking to experts, the leading experts in our country듩ot just in Alzheimer's, but in other neurodegenerative diseases, like Parkinson's, the overwhelming response was, if we invested just $2 billion more a year, we would make tremendous progress.
And we would have a real shot at understanding more about this disease and trying to cure it. And the heavens support what we are going to do on behalf of Alzheimer's, and the patients, the families and the caregivers. 
So, I want to thank my friend Terry Narelli , who I see here, for her great service and leadership over so many years, and for her friendship. And I want to just make a few other quick acknowledgments. And then we will move on to be ready for the questions.
The mayor. I want to thank the mayor. Where is Mayor Lister? I saw him earlier. He's here somewhere. There he is. There he is. Thank you so much, Mayor. Wonderful to see you, thank you for your support. And to the South Church, thank you for letting us be here today. 
And to the overflow, which I stopped by to see on my way here. It was packed. We thank you for your patience. They have got a big screen, they are having a good time watching. And we are delighted they are here as well.
As Brenda said, on January 20, 2017, someone will raise a hand and take the oath of office, and become our 45th president. That person will, after being sworn in, and the celebrations that go with an inauguration, go into the White House, go into the oval office, and face the challenges that await.
This will be a consequential election in so many ways. Because we have work to do. I'm excited about the work. I'm confident and optimistic about the work we can do together. 
But I need all of you to be part of this campaign, to be part of the first in the nation primary, because in many ways, you are the first듪r depending on how you define it, the last line of defense.
The decision that New Hampshire makes is so important. And I've had a great time traveling across the state, meeting, by now, thousands and thousands of people. Having a chance to set forth my ideas and answer questions on whatever might be on someone's mind.
And I know that we are going to make the right decision듩ot because my name will be on the ballot, but because all of us know what the stakes are, and how high they happen to be.
So I'm excited and very much looking forward to the sprint towards the primary and to have a chance to hear even more for more folks here in the granite state about what is on your mind, about the big economic challenges, the security issues, and all those problems they keep you up at night.
I have learned a lot listening to folks here in New Hampshire. I learned a lot about the struggles, the opportunities, the disappointments. As you know, I have had two full town hall meetings just on the issue of substance abuse. When I made a list of what I was going to talk about in this campaign, it wasn't on that list.
But on my first trip here to New Hampshire in Keene, that was what was raised with me. And then on visit after visit, I was given mass cards showing the pictures of beautiful young people no longer with us because of overdoses. I met those in recovery, who thankfully, were able to get help when they needed it. I met grandmothers like myself, raising children because their children couldn't, lost to opioid addiction, heroin addiction. So that's why taking the big issue to me.
I will never stop leading with the values that I was raised with about who we are as Americans, what we're capable of doing. I will never stop listening, learning about what's on people's minds. I think you actually learn more when you listen. And I will never stop trying to work with you to solve problems.
That's the America that I was raised in, that's the America that I think we all cherish and that's the America that I'm going to do everything I can as your president to make sure it's stronger and better and fairer for everybody going forward. 
So let me now turn to all of you and if you raise your hand, I think we have some microphones somewhere that we will try to get to you and give you a chance. This young듮his woman right there. Yes, right there. Yes. Please stand up. Great.
I have been on your bandwagon since you were first lady. We are nine days apart, but I know why you look so much better, because you're younger. 
But it's a dream come true to have this interaction. As a cancer survivor, three years ago and going through surgery, chemo, radiation, and having a job I loved, I was let go from my job in the private sector. However, I did come to redo myself as a justice of the peace in Massachusetts and I work now with elderly through Brookline Council on aging.
And I have seen people up close and personal that are delights, as well as being able to hear them. And one of the issues I have heard lately is the hearing is a problem and that they cannot afford to buy hearing aids because they are thousands of dollars. As a senior myself now, the affordable health care for getting the supplements to Medicare is an issue as well, because if you're not들f you're too far above $100, $200 above the guidelines for Medicaid or mass health, then you cannot듳ou have to pay full prices to supplements, but the seniors are saying they need help in hearing.
Have any of you heard this before, that seniors who need help with hearing can't afford to get the hearing aids because the hearing aids are so expensive? This is something that... 
I think a lot of people thought we would figure out a way to solve in the Affordable Care Act, but we haven't yet, and it's something that I take really seriously because if you can't hear well, very often, people kind of withdrawal and they become more isolated, and in fact, some of the recent research shows that, you know, that can be a trigger for other kinds of conditions and diseases.
So I don't think hearing aids when you can't hear are a luxury, I think they're a necessity. And I'm going to do everything I can... 
It's a growing concern, in part because we have a lot more people living longer and part because we have a lot more people losing their hearing earlier. Some people say it's because of loud music that some of us remember listening to, but for whatever reason it might be, there are a lot of issues around it. So I'm going to do what I can to make sure we make hearing aids financially available on a sliding scale so more people who need them can actually get them. 
Yeah, this gentleman right there. Yeah, right there in the yellow tie. Here comes the microphone.
I have a message for you; I'm from Liberia. Liberia, we elected the first female president in the continent of Africa. You already talked about... 
Since 5 o'clock this morning듈 don't know where I was going듈 have to find my way here. But do me one favor. I want to take a picture with you and send it to her that I was here as I promised. 
If you don't mind please. If you don't mind.
We will do that when we finish. Don't let me forget, and I have a feeling you won't. 
But the president of Liberia, Ellen JohnsonSirleaf, who has been elected twice드s you rightly say, the first woman president anywhere on the continent of Africa듣as been... 
She has been, I think, incredibly focused on trying to improve the government, improve the economy. Then she was dealt the terrible blow of Ebola and all that it meant to her country. And I want to tell you just a quick story because it's good to remember how important it is to keep trying to work with people even if you have serious disagreements with them.
I went to visit President Sirleaf when I was secretary of State and got a big briefing from all of her top officials about what was happening in her government and what they were trying to accomplish, and then I was supposed to go speak to the parliament, their Congress. And she took me aside and she said I want you to go and speak about how hard democracy is, how hard we must work together, how we have to move past the past and then said to me some of the very people who are now in the parliament were people who were very much involved in the civil war and some of the terrible things that happened there.
The leaders went to war crimes tribunal, but others for whom there wasn't evidence or they played minor roles were actually elected. Well, you can imagine. So I go to the parliament and I speak about democracy and all the rest of it and take some pictures and do some visits afterwards, and I thought boy, we think we have it hard, here she is trying to work with a Congress that includes people who were mortal enemies with one another against her, against others, and she's working so hard to make this democracy what it should be against tremendous odds.
So when we complain about our problems here in this country, we need to put them into some perspective and we need to figure out how we're going to work together even with people we disagree with... 
question.
I am the mother of a 16yearold boy who is smart and beautiful, but he also really struggles with mental illness and he's currently in an inpatient program right now. And I think my family, I think anyone would agree that my family has incredibly great health insurance. And I know that mental health parity is the law. But we still have to fight for every single admission, every single bit of treatment that we have asked for him듮hat the experts, his doctors who know him well all agree that this is what he needs to get better. And the health insurance company constantly tries to whittle it down and only provide the minimum amount.
And, you know, as a parent with a sick child, I only have so much energy to fight this fight and something just really needs to be done.
How many of you know somebody with mental health problems? 
How many of you know how difficult it is to get the medical care you need to help somebody with mental health problems?
What등hat you're describing is exactly the case. We passed a law듈 remember voting for it back in the day드nd then there was another law passed and it was incorporated in the Affordable Care Act, for what they call parity for mental health. In other words, if you have a physical illness, whatever it might be, you're supposed to get treated for it. If you have a mental health illness, you need to get treated for that, too.
Number one, we need finally to remove the stigma from mental health, because... 
So we need to remove the stigma and we need to enforce the law so you get the quality and the number of treatments you need, whether it's outpatient or inpatient. And I'm going to work with the mental health community, which has laid out an agenda about how we get this right once and for all, because it's not fair. It's not fair to the person suffering and it's certainly not fair to the families who are trying to cope with that suffering and get the medical care that is needed.
So I'll do everything I can to make it somewhat easier for you and your son going forward. 
Yes, this young man right here.
school?
Oh, wow. 
I'm going to do everything I can do. And I'm never going to stop trying. Because right now, we lose 90 people a day to gun violence듣omicides, suicides and tragic avoidable accidents. That's 33,000 people a year. I think we need to pass the laws that I have been advocating for. We need comprehensive background checks. We need to close the gun show loophole, close the online loophole. 
And we need to make sure that the information that is needed to make the judgment about whether someone is qualified to buy a gun is in the record. And very often, we don't have realtime information because we also have to close what's called the Charleston loophole, where the killer in Charleston went to buy a gun. He filled out the form. Under the loophole, he could come back and get it after three business days. The information that he wasn't eligible because he had a felony conviction didn't come through until after he went듯sed that gun and murdered nine people in a church like this in Charleston.
So we have work to do. And the mental health piece of this is especially troubling, because you don't want to unfairly stigmatize people, but you want to protect the community, so you've got to have information. The killer at Virginia Tech, you might remember, had been committed. But that information was not in the records.
We need to prohibit people who are drastic abusers with restraining orders against them from getting guns. And we certainly should get the Congress to prohibit anyone who is on the nofly list, the wouldbe terrorists, from buying guns in America. And... 
So I'm going to reach out. I'll work with anybody, but I will also continue to advocate for this, because we are in a whole different era, where these mass shootings, these 33,000 people killed every year, has become a rebuke to us, that we can't figure듡igure out how to deal with this. And I, personally, am asking gun owners to support these changes. Because right now, what I just outlined듞omprehensive background checks and the like들s supported by 92 percent of Americans and 85 percent of gun owners. But the gun lobby lives off of fear and misinformation and is willing to say and do whatever it takes... 
And it is really time for gun owners to form a different organization that will do more on gun safety, do more on gun responsibility, and stand up for the safety of our children and our communities. 
OK. This gentleman with the cap on has been standing up. So why등hy don't you ask the next question, sir?
And I really mean it.
And so듨y name is James Mackey , I'm a community organizer for a nonprofit organization called Teen Empowerment. And what we do is we hire young people to talk about issues, and we create initiatives around those issues to build relationships with young people in the community.
And so, I work in Boston, Dorchester, Roxbury, Mattapan, all the드ll the... 
And when they are not in school or at work, what are they doing? And드nd plus, they're in underserved communities. And so my question to you is, what is your stance on supporting young people who really need opportunity, and more resources out there for better education, as well as better employment? And what will you do as president to help support those 5.6 million young people around the nation who it is affecting? Yeah. 
Thank you. Thank you. And first of all, thank you for being an organizer and reaching out to young people. That is so important. And... 
And it's something I care deeply about, because if you look at where we are, underserved communities have had a resurgence of poverty. Innercities, old suburbs, small towns and rural areas, Native American reservations, coal country, this is across America where we have disconnected young people from a path to a productive life.
And I think we've got to figure out how we rebuild that. So I am absolutely committed and I am going to say quickly three things. I want to support programs like what you described you do, because we've got to get people in the communities들t's literally a one on one project in many cases.
What is it that can be done for John or Mary or whomever? So we need to support nonprofit groups, advocacy groups, organizing groups, faith communities to do this work. But secondly, we have to take a hard look. And one of the ideas that I have been thinking about is we take a hard look at communities where you have very persistent poverty, poor education outcomes, other kinds of indicators of problems.
And we really have to figure out what works. People have tried a whole bunch of different things, and a lot of it doesn't work. Throwing money at it doesn't necessarily work. Building relationships is the work that has to be done. How do we do that?
I don't think the answer lies in Washington, although as president, I can be a convener, a coordinator, a catalyst. I think we have to do this in communities. And I want to provide support and resources, where possible, to give more people a chance to do that relationship building.
We are going to need more GED programs very we need more community college programs. We are going to need more apprenticeship programs. We're going to need more pathways out. And we are going to have to also take a hard look at the living conditions and the schooling conditions that a lot of these kids face.
I used to have what I would call the Chelsea test, when I would go into the school. And as the first lady in Arkansas, the first lady in the United States or the Senator in New York, I would walk into a school and I would spend some time, I would look around. I would look at the physical facilities, I'd talk to the staff area and I would say, would I want my daughter to go to the school?
A lot of times the answer was yes, absolutely. A lot of time the answer was no. Some of the conditions, the physical conditions in these schools was deplorable. And then you have to look at the housing that a lot of people are living in. A lot of this housing is really substandard but in dangerous ways. and I will just end with this.
Lead paint poisoning effects many, many children in the northeast, the midatlantic, and the midwest, where we had a lot of old housing. Where we have old pipes on water supplies. Lead poisoning is an academic and behavioral deficits inducement. People end up being worse off. And we are not doing enough to notice it, to deal with it, to eradicate it.
So there's a lot I think we have to take a hard look at. And I will do that. But it will be in partnership with young people like you and the groups you recognize and represent. Thank you. 
I see a hand way back there. Yes, yes. Black and white, yes. Right there. Yes.
fray.
And I would hope that the Democratic Party and your campaign will go into those conservative states and really push and give us hope and encouragement that your platforms will be heard there. And I ask you, please don't leave us to the Republicans. 
Well, I have been down to Alabama twice already in this campaign. And I will do my best to help rebuild the Democratic Party in places where it hasn't been particularly successful in recent years. Because I think there is a lot we can recommend. I really do.
I think that our view about what we need to do to get the economy going again, and fix all the problems that we see with the Affordable Care Act, and get early childhood education듳ou know, there is a very inconvenient fact that my Republican friends hate when I mention. But it is true. Our economy does better when we have a Democrat in the White House. 
And that is true in Alabama, just like it's true anywhere. And we are going to make that case, do the very best we can to kind of get people to recognize that we are all in this together. And getting the economy to work better, getting our government to be more effective and productive in producing results, building on the progress that President Obama made itremember, he inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Recession.
And then he had to make sure it didn't fall into a Great Depression. I don't think he gets the credit he deserves for making sure that did not happen. 
So, we are going to make that case. We are going to make that case throughout the country. I hope, effectively. At least, I'm counting on that. Yes, the man in the blue vest. Yeah, yeah.
wife.
You are the No. 2 woman I respect more than any woman on this planet. I have watched you since your듳ou know, your early political days. We are both grandparents of very young grandchildren. I'm a little bit nervous here.
But I just wanted to tell you that there is one thing that has들n the minds of most people등e have doubt. We have doubt about so many things that we've hoped for, and we've seen evolve.
You eliminate doubt for someone like me. You eliminate doubt. I have듳our knowledge and your grasp of what's happening, and what you've been through, and what you see드nd things that you know that we don't know are what make me feel confident that you were going to be the next president. 
Thank you. Thank you. There is a little hand right there, that little girl right there. I like having all of these young people here.
that?
It's a very good question, Ella. 
That is a great question. How many people have student debt, or ever had student debt? Guess that's nearly everybody here, practically. Look, I think there are two things, two big things we have to do. First, I want to make college debtfree, so that you don't have to borrow money for tuition to go to a fouryear public college or university. 
And it will work, because what we are going to do is to focus on it being a compact between the federal government and state governments, and institutions. Because I do think that colleges and universities have to take a really hard look at what they are spending money on. So, that they make sure what they are spending on is related to helping prepare a student for life, for profession or career. I think states have disinvested in higher education. A lot of the money that states use to put into colleges and universities has gone into everything from prisons to roads, you name it.
So, we got to figure out how the state does more of its fair share. I think that in order for it to be debt free, families above a certain income level will have to continue to fund college. I think that's only fair. And I want students to work 10 hours a week. Because I want students to know they are working for their education. And that it's something they really value. 
And I want to do more on national service so more students get big discounts because they will have done national service. Military service, civilian service. 
And we've got a good G.I. bill now coming after 9/11드 new G.I. bill for the new generation of vets, but I want to make sure they don't get ripped off because sometimes that veteran education money is going to institutions that don't really serve them well. So we have some work to do to make sure that it is done right.
And then I want to help you pay down your debt by refinancing your debt. Just like you can refinance a mortgage or a car payment, you ought to be able to refinance your college debt. 
And it really is quite disturbing to me that we have had, as everybody knows in the last several years, because of the great recession, mostly등e've had really low interest rates. And yet, when I ask students what interest rate they are paying on their debt, lots of them are paying six, seven, eight, nine, 10 percent. Some of it private, some of it to the government. And I do not believe the federal government should be making a profit off of lending money to students to be able to go get a college education. 
So we're going to등e're going to make a lot of changes, Ella. So certainly by the time you get there, but hopefully sooner, we will have a lot of good changes that you'll be able to take advantage of.
Yes. There's a lady right here and maybe듧et's see. Here comes the microphone. Right there.
do?
Yes. I happen to think the... 
The Paris agreement was a historic achievement and I give a lot of credit to President Obama's leadership because if the United States had not led, it would not have happened, and I know how hard it was, because President Obama and I went to the big international climate meeting in Copenhagen in 2009. And literally, we could not even get a meeting with the Chinese, the Indians, the South Africans and the Brazilians.
Led by the Chinese, who did not want to have a meeting with us where they might make a commitment to actually doing anything. And so we had to chase them around this big convention center in Copenhagen, and we finally found them. Chinese guards were preventing the entry in and the president is a lot taller than I am, and so he just kind of pushed through in the hands went up so I ducked under and we got in the room. 
And then, you know, the president says, "We've been looking all over for you." We pulled up chairs and we sat down and we said, "You know, look, we have to begin this process." And their argument was the typical argument. "We didn't cause the problem. It was the developed countries." We said, "Look, that's fine, but you are now the biggest emitters and you are going to have to help solve the problems," and they began to agree to do some internal accounting and public reporting.
Fast forward from '09, we had a series of climate meetings in Cancun and Durban, and we made progress. So the agreement coming out of Paris does, for the first time, include every nation, regardless of level of development or need or threat from climate change.
And now, we have to enforce it. So as president, I would do everything I can, using every tool that I had to hold other nations accountable, including our own, about what we need to do both to try desperately to move more quickly away from fossil fuels towards clean, renewable energy, to try to at least put a cap on temperature rise and emissions and try the best we can at the same time to do more on resilience and adaptation to try and help countries and parts of countries that are particularly at risk.
Portsmouth is the seacoast city. You all듈 know the mayor and everybody, you're working hard on resilience and you're really taking a hard look, but you need a partner in Washington and in the Congress, as well as the president. There are a lot of places in our country듀laska has already been hit hard. They've had to relocate some villages from the coastline. I know that Miami is really facing some big challenges.
So we've got to get serious about this because it's happening. We are seeing the results of this drastic increase in temperature that human activity has not just contributed to, but caused. So, it's time for us to... 
Seven thousand people now work in the wind industry. They are now assembling turbines in old, abandoned factories, they are educating young people in the community colleges to actually work on these turbines. So they have gone the whole supply chain, and good for them. Every state should be doing the same. Every state has that same economic potential here... 
Oh my goodness. So many hands, so little time. Well, you're standing right there. Why don't we go with that lady right there. Yeah.
First of all, thank you for working in our prisons. You know, we are still in the midst of the holiday season, and for those of us who celebrate Christmas, it's good to remember that we are called upon to care for the homeless and the stranger and the prisoner, the refugee.
Those are important reminders at a time when there's so much political dispute about all of this, and I think we have incarcerated too many people. We have 5 percent of the world's population... 
Obviously, from my perspective, we need to take a hard look at the lowlevel, nonviolent offenses for which people end up incarcerated. We have to take a hard look at our bail system because we have too many people in jail and prison who haven't even been tried yet. We don't know if they're guilty of anything other than poverty because they can't meet the bail that has been set for them. And we need to do a careful analysis of who can and should be released from prison while we try to deal with people who don't pose a threat to the community, particularly the numbers of people with lowlevel drug offenses who need treatment, not imprisonment. And so we've got to look at all of this and... 
Well, I'm a big believer in drug courts, I think drug courts are a much better option than imprisoning people. They should be given recovery, they should be held accountable. I believe that there are more programs that are cheaper and better.
And I want to just quickly tell you about a program I visited in Reno, Nevada. And it was a program originally started for alcoholics듫eople that were found on the street and were picked up, taken to jail. A month later, they'd be on the street again, taken to jail, or maybe they'd end up being put into an ambulance, taken to the emergency room, maybe admitted. A month or two later, back on the street.
So, a really great partnership between the county sheriff's office and Catholic charities said, "there's gotta be a better way. First of all, it's really expensive to jail and imprison people." So they built a facility that had small bedrooms, that had work to be done, that offered this option to people they were picking up, saying, "you can either go back to jail, back to듳ou know, the life you've had, or you can try this."
And they got enough people to try it. They tested them three times a day to make sure they weren't cheating. And the sheriff said to me듣e said, "you know등ant to know the best thing about this?" He said, "because I can듈 can justify this anywhere."
He said the first year, the sheriff's office and the hospital and the jail saved $4 million, because they were no longer putting people in high, intensive places like jails and emergency rooms.
Now they're moving on to drug addiction, because we've got to think differently about how to help people overcome the problems that they confront. And I just don't think jail is a place for people with substance abuse or mental health problems. And therefore, we need different approaches... 
This young man.
help?
Great question. You know, thanks. 
Thank you dad for us, too, OK? Is your dad here? Thanks, Dad.
Yeah. People with disabilities듳ou know, I was very proud that the United States became the first nation in the world to open schools to people with disabilities. And it was the듈 worked on that, when I was with the Children's Defense Fund. And we went door to door, asking people, "do you have a schoolage child who's not in school?"
And we found a blind kids and kids in wheelchairs and kids with behavioral problems, and then gave all that data to the Congress, and the Congress acted, and schools were opened. And then the듮he Americans With Disabilities Act was passed, another great accomplishment. A bipartisan accomplishment that really made a huge difference. 
So now we have to do more to make sure that we provide supportive housing, that we support families. The biggest concern people talk to me about when they have children with disabilities, and particularly with autism, is what happens when they are no longer there to take care of their children, and how will that work out.
I'm actually rolling out a plan about autism in about a week, where I talk about all the different things... 
How many of you know somebody with autism? Wow. Wow. Well, you know, the latest data from the Centers on Disease Control is that you know, 1 out of 68 children have some feature that would place them on the autism spectrum.
So that's something we need to deal with. So we're등e'll be addressing that. But I guess my bottom line would be we등e, as communities, need to support families and need to support people with disabilities so that they can go as far as their talent, their hard work, their skills will take them.
And I think there are a lot of opportunities that we're just learning about that we can apply, and that I will talk about when I roll this out.
I've just been told this is my last question. And so듪h, my goodness. This is totally듈 should not have said that. This is totally, totally unfair. Oh my gosh. I듈 ...
You듎K. So you've got promoters right here. This young man, right there? OK. You got a whole team here that is들s giving you a chance. Go ahead. Because I really do love to call on kids, because that's what this election is actually all about, is their future. 
My mother is an engineer. I meant teacher. My father's the engineer. And I듈 think that my mother is working more harder than my... 
I don't know my grammar. I just don't know my grammar.
I think my mother isn't working much harder들s working more harder than my father, and she deserves to have more money. 
Like, get more money than my father. 
Because she's taking care of children, and듈 just don't think it's fair.
That is really so sweet. 
I듳ou have a great future as an advocate, and듧ook, I듈 do think equal pay for equal work is still a problem. And I think the Paycheck Fairness Act, which I supported every year it came up when I was in the Senate, is really important to try to open up the듮he pay arena to more transparency.
Because right now, if you are doing a job, and you ask how much somebody else makes, you can be fired or retaliated against. And how are we ever gonna know that we get fair pay for듳ou know, not just women, although that's the biggest discrepancy, but particularly people who are in듳ou know, positions where it's hard to ask for more, because of their듳ou know, their working conditions.
I had a young man here in New Hampshire tell me the reason he was supporting me is because I was in favor of equal pay. And when I asked him why, he said because he got his first grownup adult job when he was 17, and he went to work in the same store where his mother had worked듮hat's how he got the job드nd, his first pay period, brought his paycheck home, he showed his mother, and he watched her face fall.
And he asked her why, and she said, "you're making more now than I am making after four years on the same job." And I said to him듈 said, so what was the reason? I mean, how듣ow did this add up?
He said, "you know, I tried to find out," and he said, "basically the manager said, 'well, we like to identify young men who can go far in the company, and so we want to give you the incentive to stay and maybe get into one of our training programs.'"
And I really듮his young man was very touching. He said, "but they never asked my mom, and she's much more organized than I am." 
So I think that we still have problems, and if you deny those problems, you are denying the fastest way to increase incomes in America. And that is to make sure women are paid what they deserve in the job that they do. 
Thank you all, very much. Thank you. Oh, thank you all so much. Thank you. Oh, you are great. Thank you.
Oh, my goodness. I'll tell you, it was worth it, trying to get here. You have been so generous with your time. And I'm just so grateful to be back in Marshalltown and to have this chance to talk with you, now less than a week until the caucus on Monday night. But it's just really meaningful to me that you would be here and be part of this process, and I really am grateful to each and every one of you.
I've learned a lot in the last months, and I really think that spending all this time in small groups and big ones is going to make me a better president. So I thank you for everything you've done to make that possible. 
And I really want to thank Mark Smith for his endorsement. I'm thrilled. Thank you so very much, Representative. And I have a듈 have a plan that I hope will come to pass when it듮hat affects Mark. And that is I hope that we will be able to make him the majority leader of the House of Representatives in the state legislature. 
Think of all the good things that he could do for you and for people across Iowa.
Well, it's getting close. And when all of you decide to go caucus on Monday, you're going to be the first people in the world to get to express an opinion about who should be the next president and commander in chief for our country.
And I know how seriously Iowans take this because I've been talking with you and listening to you. But I want to just spend a few minutes really discussing what's at stake, because this is one of the most consequential elections that we've had in quite some time.
When you think about it, there are some very big differences between us and the Republicans, and that puts a special responsibility on you and voters to try to decide where you stand. Well, I will tell you where I stand.
I believe that the Republican policies that are being promoted by this crop of candidates that are traveling across our state and country would set our country back, rip up the progress we've made, and undermine our future. And that is true across the board, but let me just pick a few of the most important issues. Let's take the economy.
You heard from them, they are spouting the same failed economic policies: trickledown economics; cut taxes on the wealthy; get out of the way of corporations. We have tried that, it does not work. And it's important to know the facts. And the facts are that our economy does better when we have a Democrat in the White House who cares about creating jobs and raising incomes for Americans. 
And the last two Democratic presidents we've had, both of whom I know, which I kind of am proud of, they each inherited economic problems from their Republican predecessors.
You know, in my husband's case, it was a recession, a huge national debt that had been quadrupled in the prior 12 years and a big deficit. So when he got to Washington, people said, "OK. So, what do you especially bring to Washington that can make a difference?" He said, "Well, I guess I bring arithmetic. We're going to make it add up again for the American people." And at the end of eight years, we did.
Twentythree million new jobs, but most importantly, incomes went up for everybody. Not just those at the top, hardworking middleclass families, working families, poor families. More people were lifted out of poverty than in any recent time in our history. And we ended up with a balanced budget and a surplus. We were on the right track.
Well, back came the Republicans and back came trickledown economics. George W. Bush slashed taxes on the wealthy and got out of the way of corporations to the extent that the man he put in charge of keeping an eye on Wall Street took a chainsaw to a big stack of regulations and had a great big smile on his face.
Now we know what happened, don't we? We went into the greatest financial crisis since the Great Depression, and when Barack Obama became president, we were losing 800,000 jobs a month. I don't think President Obama gets the credit he deserves for digging us out of that big ditch that the Republicans put us in during their administration. 
And it was not easy. I know; I talked to him about it. When he asked me to be secretary of State, he said, "We got to focus on the economy here at home and we got to fix all the problems that we also inherited around the world."
And what did he do? Well, we're back on track with 14 million new jobs. The Affordable Care Act was passed. We're now at 90 percent health care coverage in America for the first time. 
He passed and signed the toughest regulations on Wall Street since the 1930s, the DoddFrank law; saved the auto industry, which was on the brink of collapse which would have taken another, you know, couple of million jobs down with them. We ended up losing 9 million because of that Great Recession, 5 million homes were lost and $13 trillion in family wealth was wiped out.
Now, if you want to go back there, you got a lot of folks, including one who was here today, who are spouting that same stuff, because that's where we'll end up again. In fact, you are four times more likely to see a recession in America when you have a Republican in the White House.
So the economy is going to be at the core of this election. So you should ask everybody who's running what they're going to do about it. And I got to tell you, I'm proud of what we've been doing on the Democratic side. We have our differences, but we have differences over issues, and that's what we talk about, not insults, which is what happens among the Republicans.
So I've put out a plan. Here is what I think we need to do. We need more infrastructure jobs. Our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, our ports, our airports, our rail systems, our sewer systems, our water systems. We have work to do in our country, and those are jobs that can't be exported, they need to be done right here and put Americans back to work building our economy, making us more competitive.
And then we're going to take the tax system and get rid of the incentives that actually encourage people to take jobs and move them overseas, take factories and build them overseas. We're going to reverse that so we start investing in America again, advance manufacturing. I know it can be done because I've been to some of your community colleges. I have seen the work that is happening there, the training that is going on.
I also know it can be done because while we are going to combat climate change, we're going to create more clean, renewable energy jobs. And that will be a huge economic opportunity딍that is directly linked to what Iowa has been doing.
You know, the Republicans, when you ask them about climate change, they all say the same thing. "Well, I don't know, I'm not a scientist." You know, there's an easy way to remedy that. Go talk to a scientist, listen to a scientist, learn about what's going on. And, you know, that's bad enough that they're into denial. What really is troubling is they're missing this huge economic opportunity.
And when I tell people that, I see, you know, sometimes folks around the country have a little bit of skepticism on their faces, and here's what I tell them. I know we can create those jobs because look at what Iowa has done.
And I want you to thank Representative Smith. Thank you. And it started with Tom Vilsack and the Democrats making a commitment. Iowa now gets onethird of your electricity from renewable sources, mostly wind.
You have 7,000 people already working in the wind industry in this state. You are doing research on advanced biofuels that the Defense Department thinks may be able to fuel Navy vessels and Air Force planes. So Iowa is in the forefront of the energy revolution because some country is going to be the 21st century clean energy superpower. It's either going to be China, Germany, or us. I want it to be us, and we need to make up our minds that it is going to be us and we're going to be doing the technology, the innovation and exporting to the rest of the world. 
We also need to be focusing on small business because that's where most of the jobs come from in America. And I want to be the small business president. My dad was a small businessman, so I want to clear away all the underbrush so people can start businesses again. And especially young people. S lot of young people tell me they'd love to go into business, but they can't get credit. Part of it is they have such student debts they can't get credit; we've got to fix that. So we need to make it easier to start and grow a small business.
Now, there are two ways we can raise incomes real quick. One, we've got to raise the minimum wage. People who work full time should not still be in poverty. 
There should be a ladder of opportunity. And the other way is to guarantee equal pay for women's work, and that will raise incomes and families will be better off, the economy will be. 
Now, everything I've just said to you the Republicans don't agree with it, every bit of it. They don't believe in any of it. They don't really tell you what they will do except just, you know, get out of the way and let corporations do whatever they want and let their, you know, big donors do whatever they want. Well, that's not going to work. We know it won't, and we can't be sold that bill of goods again.
The other thing we have to do is to change the tax system so that it is fairer. And I'm am the only candidate running on either side who has made this pledge. I will raise your incomes, I will not raise middleclass taxes. I do not think it is right딍to be going to people who suffered because of the Republican recession and asking for you to help us make the investments for the future. I want you to take advantage of them, but I want to go where the money is, and the money is at the top, and that's where we need to be shifting our tax system. So we need to close the loopholes and the special gimmicks that corporations and the wealthy use, like this thing called the "carried interest loophole" that I've been against for years.
We also need to do what Warren Buffett suggested. I was really very happy that he endorsed me, and I went to Omaha with him. And we were standing there and he딍he said, you know, I'm not too popular among my rich friends these days because I think people like me should pay more money into our tax system to support our country. And he has something he calls the Buffett rule. Anybody who makes $1 million should have to pay a 30 percent effective tax rate. So I've adopted the Buffett rule and we're going to go right at it and try to get that done. 
And then I want to go further, I want to impose what I call a fair share surcharge on incomes of $5 million or more. Now, there aren't very many of those, but there's a lot of money there because I want to use that money to make college affordable. I want to use that money to invest in clean energy. I want to use that money to move toward paid family leave so that families get more support to be able to do their work at home and take care of their families. I want to use that money to help bring down the cost of child care, which in some states is as expensive as college tuition. There are things we can do that will relieve the burdens on middleclass families, and the money should come from those who have it.
Now, people say to me, "Well, how are we ever going to get that done?" Well, I do have a political strategy. I've seen a little bit of this in the last 20plus years. There are not that many people who make $5 million or more in America, and I think we can make a very clear case.
Mr. Congressman over there, are you in favor of clean energy and affordable college? Are you in favor of early childhood education and the way we're going to get it is to tax the two people in your district who make more than $5 million? Or are you going to deny that to the 350,000 people who live in your district?
We're going to make a very tough case about why we have to make the tax code fairer. You know, you can talk about it, but I have a plan to do it. Not just a plan on the substance, but a political plan because I want you to know what I aim to do for you and what it will cost you. And I want everybody to be able to look at that and make your own judgment.
I also have what has been described as the toughest, most effective, comprehensive plan to go after Wall Street.
Now, I totally agree with my two esteemed opponents, Senator Sanders and Governor O'Malley, that we've got to keep our eyes on the big banks. And no bank is too big to fail and no executive is too powerful to jail. But we already have the authority to go after them. That was in the DoddFrank bill. We don't have to do that, we just have to implement it. And I have said if they pose a systemic risk to our economy, I will go after them and I will use the process President Obama signed into law.
But here's where I differ with my two friends듮hat is not enough. And this is what we've been arguing about on the debate stage. You see it wasn't just the big banks that caused our problems, it was an investment bank like Lehman Brothers. It was a big insurance conglomerate called AIG. It was a mortgage company called Countrywide. It was another bank, not one of the big five, called Wachovia, and others who are in what is called the shadow banking sector.
So what I've is we're going after risk wherever it is in the financial system. And Paul Krugman, the Nobel Prizewinning economist, said I have the best plan. Barney Frank, who is actually the Frank in DoddFrank, said I have the best plan because I'm trying to look not just at what happened in the past to prevent that from happening again, but what could happen in the future.
And you know, the best evidence I have that I have the best plan is that the Republicans and their billionaire allies are running ads against me. You know, it started a few weeks ago. These two hedge fund billionaires formed a super PAC to run ads against me to convince Democrats not to support me. And then along came Karl Rove, you know, the errand boy for the billionaires, and he's now running an ad against me. And now another billionaire has jumped in, and he's now running an ad against me.
Now you got to stop to think, why are they spending all this money to try to convince Democrats not to support me? Well, I think you know the answer, because they know that I say what I mean, I do what I say I will do, and I know how to get it done, to take after them, to prevent them from딍pushing an agenda on us that hurts the economy.
Now, another area where I have very strong feelings and share exactly the same goal as Senator Sanders is health care. You know, I believe in universal health care coverage. Every American should have it. You know, before it was called Obamacare it was called Hillarycare back in '93 and '94 when I was trying to get universal health care, and we were not successful. And that was really disappointing.
I mean, the drug companies, the insurance companies spent millions of dollars against us. So we didn't succeed. And then I got to thinking, well, what can I do now? Because, you know, my view is when you're knocked down, you share the human experience because everybody gets knocked down about something. The real question is whether you get back up. So I started thinking, what can I do that can help somebody make a difference in their lives.
And I remembered when I was traveling around the country trying to get universal health care, meeting so many people who did not have health insurance, they couldn't afford it, they had a preexisting condition and the insurance companies wouldn't give it to them. And I met so many really good, decent people who are so overwhelmed by what was happening to them. And I remember I was at the Children's Hospital in Cleveland. I was meeting with a group of parents whose kids were really sick with chronic diseases. And one man said to me, he said, "You know, I've gone everywhere to try to get insurance for my daughters. I have two girls with cystic fibrosis, and nobody will sell it to me."
I said what do they say when you go ask them and you tell them you want to try to pay for something? They say no. He said, I'll tell you what the last person told me at the insurance company I visited. He said, we don't insure burning houses. This man said, they called my little girls burning houses. And that stuck with me, that and the stories I heard. So I started to work with Democrats and Republicans and we created the Children's Health Insurance Program, and it now insures eight million kids because when you get딍you encounter an obstacle, you run into a problem, you've got to keep going. You can't ever stop if you're trying to accomplish something that will help other people. And I was thrilled when the president passed and signed the Affordable Care Act.
We've been trying to get that듮he Democratic party has been trying to get that accomplished since Harry Truman. And now, I meet people all the time who are benefiting from it. I want to build on it and I want to improve it. You know, the Republicans want to repeal it, and that's what they'll do if they get the White House back. We can't let that happen.
Here is what I want to do. I want to decrease costs, outofpocket costs; decrease prescription drug costs. 
I want to make sure that we get the authority for Medicare to negotiate for lower drug costs with the drug companies. I want to go after the predatory pricing that drug companies are using to raise the price of drugs. I want to take away their tax benefits. They actually get a tax benefit for advertising all that stuff on TV to us that we never듈 can't understand what they're talking about.
They have people walking through fields of wildflowers, walking on beaches. They have the name of the drug which, you know, is unpronounceable. And then in a low voice, under the music, they have somebody saying if you take this drug, you know, your nose will fall off. I mean, it딍drives you crazy. And they spend more money advertising on TV than they spend on research. So we're going to go right at them. We're going to take them on on this.
But I don't want to start over, my friends. That's the disagreement I have with Senator Sanders. I want us to build on what we have and make it better, and go from 90 percent coverage to 100 percent of Americans. I don't want to start at zero and have to딍fight it all over again, have to have the national battle we that we had on health care over the last 25 years. So I'm determined that we're going to make this work for everybody, and I know it's the right thing to do. And I hope that, you know, we will be able to get your costs down, your copays, your deductibles, what, you know, a lot of people are telling me are starting to pinch again.
I also will defend Social Security against privatization. The Republicans still want to privatize it. They're still talking about that. It's a terrible idea. And you know the worst part of the idea is they want to turn the entire Social Security trust fund over to Wall Street. That's what this is all about. Take all that money that people have been paying in for, you know, 75, 80 years and turn it over to Wall Street. I will never let that happen. That is the worst딍idea that is imaginable.
I will also not let them voucherize Medicare, something else they want to do, and I will not let them privatize the VA. We have to fix the VA, but we are not going to take away guaranteed benefits from our veterans who have earned them through their service. That's not going to happen. 
And when it comes to foreign policy and national security, well, I think we have a lot to do to keep our country safe, and I have some ideas that I've been putting out based on what I did in the Senate after 9/11, based on my work as secretary of State.
It's imperative that we do everything we can to defeat ISIS, to stop the flow of foreign fighters and funding to fight them on the Internet where they're quite effective without putting American troops back on the ground in either Syria or Iraq. 
That will not happen. It's not들t's not going to happen on my watch. And then we have to do a better job working with federal, state, and local law enforcement to keep us safe at home, and we have to do a better job sharing intelligence, getting intelligence that will help us prevent attacks.
When I was a senator after 9/11, I'd be kept uptodate on all the threats that still were facing New York, and we had a very, very dedicated group of police and federal law enforcement and everyone who worked together. But, you know, one of the best things we did was a campaign which said, If you see something suspicious or you hear something suspicious, report it. And so people were picking up the phone and telling the police or maybe calling the FBI, and it really provided kind of the듮he eyeson help that we needed. And people could then follow up, and we prevented attacks. We foiled attacks.
Well, the reason I mention that is because of this. The Republican candidates, led by their frontrunner, have been attacking Muslims, right? You've heard that, attacking American Muslims, attacking Muslims around the world. That's not only shameful, it's dangerous. We need everybody in this country to be on the same team when it comes to preventing terrorist attacks. 
And we need people who are in the community who hear something, see something to report it and not feel like they're being demonized, defamed, insulted, pushed out. And certainly, if we're going to defeat ISIS, we need a coalition that includes Muslim nations.
Now, I can tell you I built the coalition that imposed sanctions on Iran. I know a little bit about how you do this. You don't start by insulting people's religion and then ask them to be part of your effort to defeat a common adversary. 
That's not the way it works in the real world. So we have to be smart about how we protect ourselves, and that will be my highest priority.
I also want to continue to move toward comprehensive immigration reform, which I think is in the best interest of our country and our economy. 
And I want to let you know where I stand on a lot of the issues that the Republicans have taken positions on because they seem to be against so many of the fundamental rights that I support.
I am for a woman's right드 woman's right to make her own health decisions, and I am against defunding Planned Parenthood. 
I am for marriage equality and against discrimination against the LGBT community. I am against Citizens United, which is a terrible decision that has opened the doors to floods of unaccountable money from the Koch Brothers and others. And I would do everything I can to reverse that decision.
I also want to keep pushing for criminal justice reform and reform in the incarceration system. And I want to fight for common sense gun safety measures that will help keep 듀mericans safe without infringing on gun owners' rights.
We are a smart등e are a smart people. We can do this. And what I don't understand is how when we know we have, on average, 90 people a day dying from gun violence, 33,000 people a year, we cannot figure out how to protect people, protect firstgraders going to school, people going to a movie theater, churchgoers going to Bible study. We can do this. We can't stop every murder or every suicide or every tragic, avoidable accident, but we can stop a lot of them without infringing on anybody's rights.
And 92 percent of the American people agree with that, and 85 percent of gun owners agree with that. So we need somebody who will stand up to the gun lobby and stop them from intimidating common sense reforms in our country. 
So we have a lot of work to do, my friends. And you have been really patient. The children who are still here have been especially patient, and I don't want to keep you any longer.
I just want to say a few closing comments, and then for those of you who want to stay, I will shake your hands and take pictures and you can ask me questions. But everybody else can go home and not feel bad about it because I need you to get up tomorrow and help work to get more people to go to the caucus next Monday. 
And, you know, I am all about듈 am all about making progress against the odds. I am all about working with people. I worked with Republicans as first lady, as senator, as secretary of State. I worked to get results for the people I represented in the Senate as well as our country. I worked when I was secretary of State to make our country safe and to have our values and interests promoted. And I know how to find common ground because I've done it.
I don't think that듈 think I듈 do believe that probably every Republican I served with at one time or another sponsored a piece of my legislation. Actually, when I'm not running for something, they say nice things about me. 
Even in the case of Mr. Trump, they give me money because they think I'm so good as a candidate and a senator. So, you know, this is politics. This is all that that goes on.
But once the election is over, I will work as hard as I can to find that common ground, to get good things to happen for you, for your families, for your country and make it possible for young people to feel like I felt, that, you know, really the American Dream was available. You had to work for it, but if you did, you could get ahead and stay ahead. That's what I think about when it comes to my granddaughter. You know, I am the granddaughter of a factory worker, she is the granddaughter of a former president. I think it shouldn't matter. The grandchildren of everybody should have the same opportunities in our country. 
And that's what I am going to stand up for and fight for. And with your help, starting at the caucus next Monday night, that's what we will do together. Thank you all so much. Hello, Miami Dade College! It is so great to be here with all of you.
And I want to thank everyone for gathering and in particular, I want to thank all of the elected officials. Thanks to Congressman Patrick Murphy who I hope is the next senator from Florida. Thanks to Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Thank you to Mayor Phillip Levine of Miami Beach. Thanks to Mayor Phillip Stoddard of South Miami. Thanks to all the others who were part of the program. As we were coming in, we heard lots of energy coming from this crowd, and I was told as I was coming out, there뗩 an overflow, but they can hear us in the overflow, and were so happy youre here as well! So thanks to the overflow crowd. But what I am most excited about is to be here with one of the world뗩 most foremost leaders on climate change: Al Gore.
About a decade ago, Al made a movie called ㄸn Inconvenient Truth. Now, maybe some of you have seen it, but if you haven뗪, I hope you뗣l watch it tonight. It doesn뗪 have a lot of special effects  but it does have a lot of drama.
And here뗩 the main message: climate change is real, it뗩 urgent, and America can take the lead in the world in addressing it. Right? We here in America can develop new clean energy solutions. We can transform our economy. We can rally the world to cut carbon pollution. And above all, we can fulfill our moral obligation to protect our planet for our children and our grandchildren.
Now, let me just say  so, so let뗩 remember, let뗩 remember what뗩 at stake. I뗤 running against a guy who denies science, denies climate change, claims it뗩 a hoax created by the Chinese. So this is something that Al Gore뗩 been working on for a really long time. And I want you to know how far back he goes. It was in 1982 when he held the very first hearing on climate change in the House of Representatives with the worldfamous climate scientist Jim Hansen. And then when Al became a senator, he continued to raise the alarm and look for solutions, and as vice president, he led America뗩 efforts to negotiate the Kyoto Protocol to cut greenhouse gas emissions. You take all this together, those 30 years of leadership led Al Gore to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007.
I was very proud because he had been determined and persistent, and in the face of a lot of people  in public life, in business, in elsewhere who were trying to diminish the importance of the science  he never wavered. And in the years since, the climate challenge has only grown more stark. And I will tell you this, it is one of the most important issues at stake in this election.
Look at it this way. Our next president will either step up our efforts to address climate change, to protect our planet, to protect our health, and to create good jobs that cannot be outsourced by growing our clean energy economy. Or in the alternative, we will be dragged backwards and our whole future will be put at risk.
So we뗬e really got to get this right. And if you need additional convincing, just remember what happened this week. Hurricane Matthew killed at least 26 people in our country, more than a thousand as far as we know right now in Haiti. North Carolina is still dealing with serious flooding and will be at least for the rest of the week, if not longer. We all need to support each other as our communities put the pieces back together and begin the long road back from this disaster.
That뗩 why I뗬e encouraged everyone to give what you can afford to the Florida Disaster Fund or to Team Rubicon, the veterans organization working to respond to Hurricane Matthew, or to UNICEF, helping children and families on the ground in Haiti.
Now, some will say, We뗬e always had hurricanes. They뗬e always been destructive. And that뗩 true. But Hurricane Matthew was likely more destructive because of climate change. Right now, the ocean is at or near recordhigh temperatures  and that contributed to the torrential rainfall and the flash flooding that we saw in the Carolinas. Sea levels have already risen about a foot  one foot  in much of the Southeast, which means that Matthew뗩 storm surge was higher and the flooding was more severe.
Plus, as you know, the impact of climate change goes beyond extreme events like hurricanes. It뗩 become a daily reality here in Miami. You have streets in Miami Beach and in Shorecrest that are flooding at high tide. The ocean is bubbling up through the sewer system. Sometimes, people call 311 because they assume a water main must have broken when actually it is the sea rising around them.
So, if you need proof that climate change is real and that it뗩 costly, there you go. So at this rate, at this rate, my friends, my friends, please. Let뗩 focus on what뗩 really important in this election and in your future and the future of our country, because this is what I want you to hear and understand. At the rate we are going, one in eight homes in Florida could be underwater by the end of the century, and when kids  like that adorable young boy over there on his dad뗩 shoulders  are grandparents, we believe that뗩 more than $400 billion worth of property in Florida at risk, and nationwide, it뗩 as much as $882 billion in property at risk.
But there뗩 also health consequences. Mosquitoes that carry diseases like the Zika virus and ticks that carry Lyme disease are expanding their ranges. And hotter summers and longer pollen seasons are making allergies and asthma worse, which is especially bad for our children. And look at what is happening in California, a brutal fiveyear drought. Wildfires have burned more than 9 million acres in our country last year.
And it뗩 also about national security. The Pentagon has identified climate change as a threat to our America뗩 national security. The U.S. Atlantic Fleet is based in Norfolk, Virginia. It뗩 the largest naval installation in the world. And because of rising sea level, the base is frequently flooded, even when it뗩 sunny. So that뗩 why the Pentagon is looking at how climate change will affect readiness and operations, not just in Norfolk, but at all of our military bases around the world.
So you would think if you look at the facts, if you listen to the science, that even the most committed climate skeptic would say, Ok, I agree, something뗩 happening here. We need to take it seriously.
But unfortunately, there are still plenty of people  in Washington, on the campaign trail  who won뗪 face what뗩 happening right in front of us.
Donald Trump, is, quote, 딽ot a big believer in climate change. As I said, he said it뗩 a hoax created by the Chinese. And in our first debate two weeks ago, he tried to deny saying that. But that tweet is still there for everyone to see.
And I would wish that Donald would actually listen to people here in Florida, like Miami Beach뗩 Mayor Philip Levine and others who are doing incredible work to address these Sunny Day Floods. Or maybe, he would listen to Miami Beach Commissioner John Elizabeth Alem치n. Or maybe he would listen to Miami Beach Commissioner, John Elizabeth Alem치n. John Elizabeth is a Republican, but she뗩 supporting our campaign닥ecause she knows America can뗪 afford a candidate who doesn뗪 accept climate science. Or maybe Donald would listen to our military leaders who say climate change threatens our national security, or what about the ranchers in Colorado, or the mayors in Arizona or the community leaders in Alaska who say, Our lives and jobs and families are being affected  please, let뗩 come together as a country and do something about it.
We cannot risk putting a climate denier in the White House. At all, that is absolutely unacceptable.
We need a president who believes in science and who has a plan to lead America in facing this threat, creating good jobs, and yes, saving our planet.
So here뗩 what I want to do.
First, we need to do a lot more on clean energy. The clean energy superpower of the 21st century is probably going to be either Germany, China, or us다nd I want it to be us. And I want you to be part of making it us.
And we need to accelerate the transition to a clean energy economy and create high paying jobs, building and installing more solar panels and wind turbines. Modernizing our electric grid. Retrofitting buildings. Building resilient, 21st century infrastructure, and we have to make sure no community is left out or left behind닱ot our cities or our small towns or our remote, rural areas.
Now, you wouldn뗪 know it if you only listened to my opponent talk about how terrible everything is. He has such a dark, divisive view of America, but that doesn뗪 tell the story about what뗩 really going on. It뗩 actually pretty exciting. In red states and blue states, local leaders are stepping up. Rural electric coops are investing in community solar power and you see that across America  union workers in Michigan, union workers in Michigan are getting ready to build electric Chevys in a plant powered by clean energy. Iowa, Iowa is already getting a third of its electricity from wind. Wind turbines are going up in New England and on Lake Erie. Renewable energy is already the fastestgrowing source of new jobs in America. I think that is so exciting  there are nearly 2 million people already working in energy efficiency.
And in Spartanburg, South Carolina, a project called ReGenesis is taking an old landfill and turning it into a solar farm. That landfill was a blight and a health threat, just 250 feet away from a residential neighborhood. Now, that same land will generate enough clean, renewable electricity to power 500 homes.
So this is what we can do. And I think Washington should back up and support doing more of that. As president, I want us to have 500 million solar panels installed across America by the end of my first term. And let뗩 generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America within the decade. Let뗩 make our buildings and factories more energy efficient and cut our oil consumption by onethird.
And we can get there by investing in cutting edge research, to keep developing cheaper and better clean energy technologies, investing in clean energy infrastructure and advanced manufacturing, putting big partnerships together between states, cities, and rural communities.
We can do all of this and create millions of goodpaying jobs as we do. So I뗤 hoping that these good jobs will offer security and dignity while we produce the clean energy that will power the economy of the future. The clean energy solutions are being developed right here in America. We want them manufactured in America, installed in America, and putting people to work in America.
And while we do that, let뗩 make sure our communities are ready for the impacts of climate change that are coming right at us. We need to invest in resilient infrastructure. Now, sometimes that will mean building a seawall; other times, let뗩 be more creative  like in New York Harbor, where we are replanting oyster beds to form natural barriers to storm surge. Sometimes we뗣l overhaul an outdated sewer system to deal with flooding from heavy downpours. In Philadelphia, theyre trying something else: green roofs, porous pavements, curbside gardens to help absorb storm water.
And here뗩 something we don뗪 talk enough about. Let뗩 make sure our hospitals can stay open and operational in any kind of disaster. Because sadly, I saw what happened in New York during Hurricane Sandy, newborns who had been on respirators had to be evacuated down nine flights of stairs in one New York hospital, because the electricity went off. Nurses, I love nurses  heroic, courageous nurses were carrying those babies and manually squeezing bags of air to keep them breathing. Now, here in Miami, you know how important this is. You have retrofitted the Nicklaus Children뗩 Hospital with a hurricaneresistant shell for exactly this reason. And every hospital in the country should follow your lead and build in more resilience.
And then finally, we have got to lead the world to confront the climate challenge. If we don뗪 do it, nobody will do it. We must confront the climate challenge. There뗩 no doubt about that. And so, let뗩 move on with the kind of leadership that the world as well as our country deserves.
When I was Secretary of State, I worked with President Obama to make climate change a top diplomatic priority. We fought to get China and India and other major polluters to agree for the first time in history to be part of the solution. In fact, we had to crash a secret meeting in Copenhagen, Denmark  slip past the guards  it was all very cloak and dagger. But for a really important purpose, and because of that breakthrough, and a lot of patient, persistent work, and because of American leadership, 195 nations signed on to a global agreement last December. It뗩 called the Paris Agreement. And I am not exaggerating when I say it is our last, best chance to solve the global, climate crisis.
And what does Donald Trump want to do? He wants to cancel the Paris Agreement. He doesn뗪 care what it would do to the planet. He doesn뗪 care how much that would damage American leadership in the world. He doesn뗪 care what it would do to the future we leave our kids and our grandkids.
Well, he may not care  but we do. And that뗩 why this election is so critically important because on the ballot, it is not just my name. It뗩 every issue we care about it뗩 our values as a country.
Climate change needs to be a voting issue. We need to elect people up and down the ballot, at every level of government, who take it seriously and are willing to roll up their sleeves and get something done. Please, we cannot keep sending climate deniers and defeatists to Congress or to state houses다nd certainly not to the White House.
And if you care about climate, your Senate race is also really important, and I뗣l tell you why. It is unacceptable, it is an unacceptable response for Marco Rubio, when asked about climate change to say, I뗤 not a scientist. Well, why doesn뗪 he ask a scientist and then maybe then he뗛 understand why it is so important that he, representing Florida, be committed to climate change? That뗩 why I hope that you뗣l elect Patrick Murphy to the United States Senate.
Look, we need leaders who can get results. It뗩 easy to stonewall. It뗩 not enough to protest: we need creativity, we need hard work. And when it comes to climate change, we don뗪 have a minute to waste.
So, I know it뗩 easy to get cynical단specially about our politics. I get that. But this election matters more than any has in a really long time, and I believe that as strongly as I can, we뗬e got to address this issue for our sakes, our children, our grandchildren. And it뗩 so critically important when you think about how leadership can make a difference.
And just look, if you will  look at the difference between your state, the Sunshine State, which has less solar energy than New Jersey has right now. And do you know why? Because you have a governor who has ordered the state government never to use the words 딲limate change. So my friends, this is a big deal in the election, and it is going to be a big deal for our country and our world. And there isn뗪 anybody  there isn뗪 anybody who knows more, has done more, has worked harder. I know he was in Miami just last year, training and educating people to be climate change activists. I can뗪 wait to have Al Gore advising me when I am President of the United States. So please join me in welcoming our former vice president, a climate change leader and an allaround great guy, Al Gore.
This is the day the Lord has made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it!I am so and so honored to be here. Thank you so much Reverend Dr. Walker. Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E. Zion. I have to confess  we were putting together the Rev. Walker was But he told me his church 134 years ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady I am so delighted to be here with your Congresswoman, Congresswoman Adams, who has a path in the Congress, such a of conviction. And my thanks also to Donna for her leadership for that stirring description Thank you so much.
This church for all those years has been a source of strength and solace, for generations of congregants and It has helped people get . It has helped people deal with the sorrows that come and it has the world outside challenged the faith that comes from belief. In here, in this magnificent house of worship, we pray for peace when there is too much violence outside of these walls. In here, we are called to confront injustice, even when the world out there fails to see it. In here, we see the world as it is, but we pray for the strength and wisdom to build the world as it should be.
It has been 12 days since Mr. Scott was shot and killed. Twelve days since his wife Rakeiya Scott watched her husband die, and seven children lost their father. Now we don뗪 yet know all the details about the shooting, but we do know this family and this community is in pain. And therefore we pray for them and we pray for all families who have suffered similar losses. But we do more than pray. As Ms. Bradford said, We do what each of us can do. Not everyone can march, but everyone can talk, and everyone can reach out and everyone can vote.
Too many African American families have been in the same tragic situation that the Scott family has found themselves. In fact, the day before Mr. Scott died, another father, Terence Crutcher, was killed in a police encounter in Tulsa, Oklahoma. And there have been many others. So many fathers and sons and even mothers and daughters who have died either after encounters with the police or at the hands of civilians with guns while they were doing things that were ordinary, everyday activities. Walking home from the store with iced tea and Skittles, listening to music in their car with friends.
And we also know  and we must not forget  that violence has touched the families of police officers. Men and women who put on the uniform and put their lives on the line to protect others. From Dallas to Baton Rouge to Philadelphia, the families of fallen officers have also been dealt a great blow and they deserve our prayers as well.
It뗩 been a hard year, hasn뗪 it? Think about how many times President Obama has had to console our nation about another senseless tragedy, another shattered family, another distressed community. And our children are watching, and they feel it too. You뗬e seen that right here in Charlotte. Last Monday at the city council meeting, 10yearold Taje Gaddy said, I wake up every morning scared that I won뗪 get to grow up because I am black.
A nineyearold, Zianna Oliphant, who뗩 here with us today, along with her brother Marquis and her family, also spoke at that city council meeting, with tears pouring down her face. And when I read what she had said, I had tears in my eyes too. She said, We are black people and we shouldn뗪 have to feel like this. It뗩 a shame that our fathers and mothers are killed, and we can뗪 even see them anymore. It뗩 a shame that we have to go to their graveyard and bury them. We need our fathers and mothers to be by our side. What courage and clarity that young lady showed to the world.
But can you imagine, nine years old. She should be thinking about happy adventures, dreaming about all the wonderful things her future holds for her. Instead she뗩 talking about graveyards. Our entire country should take a moment to really look at what뗩 going on here, and across America, to imagine what we see on the news, and what we hear about, imagine through our children뗩 eyes.
I뗤 a grandmother, and like every grandmother I worry about the safety and security of my grandchildren, but my worries are not the same as black grandmothers. They have different, and deeper fears about the world that their grandchildren face. It makes my heart ache, when kids like Zianna, are going through this and trying to make sense of the absolutely senseless. I know how I would feel. I wouldn뗪 be able to stand it if my grandchildren had to be scared and worried the way too many children across our country feel right now. But because my grandchildren are white, because they are the grandchildren of a former president and secretary of state, let뗩 be honest here  they won뗪 face the kind of fear that we heard from the young children testifying before the city council.
You know, every child deserves the same sense of security, every child deserves the same hope. They should not be facing fear, they should be learning and growing, imagining who they can be, and what their contributions to our country could be as well. We뗬e got to take action, we뗬e got to start now, not tomorrow, not next year, now. We know we can뗪 solve all these problems over night, which means we don뗪 have a moment to lose.
Proverbs tells us, Where there is no vision, the people perish. So let뗩 hold on to a common vision. Let뗩 come together to make America a place where every child, no matter who they are, where theyre born or what they look like, has the chance to live up to their Godgiven potential.
Being stronger together with this common vision means rejecting those forces that try to pit us against each other. We can acknowledge that implicit bias still exists, not just in police departments but throughout our country, without vilifying police officers. We can call for reforms to policing, while still appreciating the many courageous and admirable officers out there who are doing their jobs with honor and integrity.
I think about an officer named Montrell Jackson. You might not have heard of him, but I want you to. He was one of the officers murdered in Baton Rouge. A few days before he died, he wrote on Facebook, he was black but he wore blue. In uniform, he wrote, I get nasty, hateful looks. Out of uniform, some consider me a threat. These are trying times. Please don뗪 let hate infect your heart. And then he closed by saying that if anyone saw him on patrol and wanted a hug, I got you.
Montrell Jackson knew that making our communities safer and juster are not conflicting ideas. And most officers will tell you they can뗪 do one without the other. I believe we need endtoend reform in our criminal justice system, not half measures but full measures, with real followthrough. In America everyone should be respected by the law and have respect for the law.
That starts with being honest. Being unafraid to face the facts. Face the fact that black men are far more likely to be stopped, searched by police, charged with crimes and sentenced to longer prison terms than white men for doing the same thing. We need to fix a system where too many black parents are taken from their kids and imprisoned for minor offenses. We need to make sure our police officers are trained in deescalating tense situations. We need to dismantle the socalled schooltoprison pipeline, and instead invest in education from early childhood through high school into higher education. And yes we have got to fight for common sense reforms to stop the epidemic of gun violence in our communities.
Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young black men, more than the next nine causes combined. We뗬e got to make sure there are good jobs, equality affordable housing in every zip code in America. We need to make investments in communities that have been left out and left behind. I am a strong supporter of Congressman Jim Clyburn뗩 plan to put 10 percent of our federal funds into 20 percent of the communities that have generational poverty for 30 years or more.
Now, there are some out there who see this as a moment to command the flames of resentment and division. Who want to exploit people뗩 fears, even though it means tearing our nation even further apart. They say that all of our problems will be solved simply by more 딻aw and order. As if the systemic racism plaguing our country doesn뗪 exist. Now, of course we need safe neighborhoods, no one is against that. Of course, we need communities that are free from the epidemic of gun violence, of course we need that. But we also need justice and dignity and equality, and we can have both. This is not an eitheror question for America.
I want us to commit ourselves to this common vision. That is where I will build on the work that President Obama has done. And I will be sure that this is not just about a campaign or an election. This is much bigger than an election. These are issues I뗬e been fighting for since I was a young lawyer working for the Children뗩 Defense Fund. Going to South Carolina to try to get young teenagers, 13, 14yearolds out of jails with adult offenders. I care deeply about this because it뗩 not just personal to so many of us, it뗩 about the kind of country you want to be and the future we want for all of our children and grandchildren. I think about that every time I see my grandchildren or every time I see a bright, energetic, impressive young woman like Zianna. Come up here a minute, would you?
I love your dress.
You know, God loves us all, right? We are called to care for and cherish each other. It뗩 not easy, it is not. But that is our mission and that is what we are called to do, not only as Christians but as Americans, as human beings to understand and respect each other. To fight for each other뗩 children, each other뗩 dignity, each other뗩 opportunity as if they were our own. Now, make no mistake, this is not easy work. You뗬e been doing this since Adam and Eve came here. But it is righteous work. Protecting all of God뗩 children is America뗩 calling. Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up. We will not grow weary and we will not lose heart. We will get up every single day have faith in one another and in our future and work for that better day for all of God뗩 people. Thank you.
Wow! What a night. An unbelievable night. What a great campaign. This has been an incredible honor to campaign across Iowa, with so many of you to make the case for the kind of future we want.
For the Democratic Party and for the United States of America. There is so much at stake in this election, I don't need to tell you. Every single one of you who came out for me, who worked so many hours  from my young organizers with energy and passion to the families and friends across this state  I am deeply grateful.
I love all of you. Here's what I want you to know. It is rare that we have the opportunity we do now, to have a real contest of ideas. To really think hard about what the Democratic Party stands for and what we want the future of our country to look like if we do our part to build it.
I am a progressive who gets things done for people. I am honored to stand in the long line of American reformers who make up our minds that the status quo is not good enough. That standing still is not an option. And that brings people together to find ways forward that will improve the lives of Americans. I look back over the years of my involvement from the very first job I had at the Children's Defense Fund. And I know. I know what we are capable of doing, I know we can create more good paying jobs and raise incomes for hardworking Americans again. I know that we can finish the job of universal health care coverage for every single man, woman, and child.
I know we can combat climate change and be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century. I know we can make our education system work for every one of our children, especially those who come with disadvantages. I know we can make college affordable and get student debt off the backs of young people. And I know we can protect our rights, women's rights, gay rights, voting rights, immigrant rights, workers rights. I know too we can stand up to the gun lobby and get common sense gun safety measures.
And how do we do that? We do that by securing the nomination, and then we do it by winning and going into that White House as others before have, determined to push forward on the great goals and values that unite us as Americans.
I congratulate my esteemed friends and opponents; I wish Governor O'Malley the very best. He is a great public servant who has served Maryland and our country and I am excited about really getting into the debate with Senator Sanders about the best way forward to fight for us and America. In the last few weeks, we finally began to have what I think is one of the most important substantive conversations that the Democratic party could have. And I am thrilled at all of the people who are playing a part in that.
I know that we may have differences of opinion about how best to achieve our goals. But I believe we have a very clear idea that the Democratic Party and this campaign stands for what is best in America. And we have to be united. When it is all said and done, we have to be united.
A Republican vision and candidates that would drive us apart and divide us. That is not who we are, my friends. I follow their candidates very closely, I understand what they're appealing to, and I intend to stand against it. I will not  I will not let their decisiveness, their efforts to rip away the progress that we've made, be successful. Because we can't afford that. As I stand here tonight, breathing a big sigh of relief, thank you, Iowa. I want you to know, I will keep doing what I have done my entire life.
I will keep standing up for you. I will keep fighting for you. I will always work to achieve the America that I believe in, where the promise of that dream that we hold out to our children and our grandchildren never fades, but inspires generations to come. Join me, let's go win the nomination. Thank you all and God bless you. Hello.
 Thank you very much.
 It feels great. I've had just an amazing time. We landed in the middle of the night from Iowa still pretty pumped up about winning there, and then got to work the next day. And I'm seeing a lot of old friends, meeting a lot of new people. I have an uphill climb and I'm going to climb as high and hard as I can because I want to make my case for the people of New Hampshire. As you said, they're people that I feel very close to. They've been good to my husband, to me, my family. But what's most important is the first in the nation primary. It truly is a great opportunity to get out there, explain what you want to do as president, present your ideas, and get vetted by the people of New Hampshire.
 You know, I don't know. I...
 Well, the intensity of the experience and the importance of trying to convey what's at stake in this election, because to me obviously Tuesday is a really big deal with the primary. But the goal has to be to prevent the Republicans from getting back into the White House and undoing all the progress that has been made under President Obama. 
And so I I'm very proud of the campaign that Senator Sanders and I are running. I mean, we really have focused on issues. We share a lot of the same big progressive goals, but we have different ways of going about them. We bring different experiences. But we are contrasting on issues, compared to the Republicans who, I think, are contrasting on insults. And I think it's a better contest where we can take our ideas to groups like this throughout New Hampshire, get questions, have people vet them, and then let the voters make up their minds.
 Well, you know, you asked me this question in the first debate, right?
 And I said that I'm a progressive who likes to get things done. And I was somewhat amused today that Senator Sanders has set himself up to be the gatekeeper on who is the progressive because under the definition that was flying around on Twitter and statements by the campaign, Barack Obama would not be a progressive, Joe Biden would not be a progressive, Jeanne Shaheen would not be a progressive, even the late, great Senator Paul Wellstone would not be a progressive. So I'm not going to let that bother me. I know where I stand. I know who stands with me. I know what I've done. But I don't think it helps for the senator to be making those kinds of comparisons because clearly we all share a lot of the same hopes and aspirations for our country that we want to see achieved. And I don't think it's appropriate that, you know, if Planned Parenthood endorses me or the Human Rights Campaign endorses me, you know, they're thrown out of the progressive wing and put into the establishment. That's just not anything we need to do. Let's have a good contest of ideas. Let's contrast where we stand. And that's what I intend to do for the next couple of days.
 You think so? 
 That's amazing. Yes. Look, you know, I was very fortunate to have a great team of young people, men and women, supporting me. But I accept the fact that I have work to do to convey what I stand for, what I've accomplished, what I want to do for young people in our country.
 But I well, you know, I don't really know, Anderson. I think here's what I want young people to know. They don't have to be for me, I'm going to be for them. It doesn't really matter. 
If they are not supporting me, I will be their president, I will do everything I can to give them the opportunities they deserve.
As I speak with young people across the country in Iowa, New Hampshire, and elsewhere, I do sense this real feeling of being somehow disadvantaged, put on the wrong side of American opportunity. And I understand that. I mean the student debt problems, the feeling that the jobs that are out there are not producing the kind of income or opportunity that young people believe they should be able to get. But at the same time I'm so impressed by the level, the intensity of commitment of this generation to you know really going after discrimination, going after racism and sexism and the kind of abuses that LGBT community members have, looking for ways to bring more justice in the economy and the environment, fighting climate change. So I'm impressed with them. And I'm going to do everything I can to reach out and to explain why good ideas on paper are important. But you've got to be able to translate them into action to get results for people. I have a lot experience doing that. I think I can deliver positive change for young people in our country. And I hope to have the chance to win their support.
 Well, that's for Sen. Sanders to explain because that certainly is the core of his message to young people. I have a different take on it. I think the progress that we have made, and particularly the Democratic Party has made, has been hard fought for, hard won and must be defended. So I want to defend the Affordable Care Act. It is one of the great accomplishments, not only of this president, but of the Democratic Party going back to Harry Truman. The Republicans are... You know, the Republicans are determined to repeal it. And they tried 62 times just to turn it back to the insurance companies. Sen. Sanders and I share the same goal. We want to get to universal health care coverage. Before it was called Obamacare it was called Hillarycare, as you remember.
 I fought really hard. The insurance companies and the drug companies spent millions against me. I know what it's like to go up against the status quo and special interests. So when President Obama succeeded, I was thrilled. I don't agree with Sen. Sanders that we should start over, that we should throw our country into a contentious national debate about health care again. We're at 90 percent coverage. I'm going to fix what needs to be fixed. We're going to move from 90 to 100, which is a lot easier to get to than starting at zero to get to 100. So we have a difference. And I think that... ... is the difference.
 Sure.
 Hi, David.
make.
 Right.
nomination?
 Well, I'll tell you what, Dave. I do have a litmus test. I have a bunch of litmus tests because I agree with you. The next president could get as many as three appointments. You know one of the many reasons why we can't turn the White House over to the Republicans again is because of the Supreme Court. I'm looking for people who understand the way the real world works, who don't have a kneejerk reaction to support business, to support the idea that you know money is speech, that gutted the Voting Rights Act. I voted for the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act when I was in the Senate. It passed 98 to nothing based on a very extensive set of hearings and research. Supreme Court comes along. They substitute their judgment for the Congress, signed by George W. Bush. That is one of our problems. They have a view that I just fundamentally disagree with about what the way we have to keep the balance of power in our society is. So they have given way too much power to corporations. They have given Citizens United, the biggest gift to the Koch brothers, Karl Rove and all of those folks whose values I don't share, and who are doing everything they can to try to turn the clock back. We have to preserve marriage equality. We have to go further to end discrimination against the LGBT community... We've got to make sure... We've got to make sure to preserve Roe v. Wade, not let it be nibbled away or repealed.
We've got work to do... And here's how I think about it, because when I was a senator, I had to vote on Supreme Court justices. I'm looking for people who are rooted in the real world, who know that part of the genius of our system, both economic and government, is this balance of power. If it gets too far out of whack, so that business has too much power, any branch of the government has too much power, the delicate balance that makes up our political system and the broadbased prosperity we should be working for in our economy is the worse off for it. So I have very strong feelings about what I'll be looking for if I am given the honor of appointing somebody to the Supreme Court. 
 Thank you.
 Well, first of all, thank you for being here. Thank you so much for being part of this great New Hampshire primary process and thank you for support. And I really appreciate your asking the question. And I have to tell you, this is the first time I've been asked that question.
 Yes. I I really I really...
 And I thank you for it, because we need to have a conversation in our country. There are states, as you know...
 that are moving to open up the opportunity without criminal liability for people to make this decision, in consultation by their families, even, in some cases, with medical professionals. But the issue is whether the medical professionals want to be involved or just be counselors. So it is a crucial issue that people deserve to understand from their own ethical, religious, faithbased perspective. So here's how I think about it. I want I want, as president, to try to catalyze that debate because I I believe you're right, this is going to become an issue more and more...
 often. We are, on the good side, having many people live longer, but often, then, with very serious illnesses that they can be sustained on, but at some point, don't want to continue with the challenges that poses. So I don't have any easy or glib answer for you. I think I would want to really immerse myself in the the the ethical writings, the health writings, the scientific writings, the religious writings. I know some other countries, the Netherlands and others, have a quite open approach. I'd like to know what their experience has been. Because we we have to be sure that nobody is coerced, nobody is under duress. And that is a difficult line to draw. So I thank you I thank you so much for raising this really important absolutely critical question that we're all going to have to do some thinking about.
 Hi, Michael.
 No, I can't, Michael. I mean I I'd like to be able to say I could, but here's what I can say. I have learned and have been, you know, really in the crucible of making a lot of hard decisions over the last years. And military force must always be a last resort not a first choice. That is one of the biggest differences between me and the Republicans.
I worked very hard as secretary of State to do what I could diplomatically to avoid conflict. That's why I worked to get the coalition together to impose sanctions in Iran, so that we could get them to the negotiating table, in order to test whether we could get an agreement to put a nuclear weapons agreement in place. I did that in large measure motivated by my deep concern that the absence of effective diplomacy might very well have sparked an arms race among some very unstable nations in the region, and maybe even led to conflict. I will do everything I possibly can to avoid sending American troops abroad, getting us involved in military conflicts. But I can't in good conscious stand here and tell you that there would never be any circumstances in the time that I served as President where it very well might be in America's best vital national security interest. So I want to be honest with you. I will do what I can, I will stand against adventurism, ill thought out missions. I will not send American combat troops to Iraq or Syria. That is off the table. That would be a terrible mistake. We will continue to use Special Forces, and we have to because of the kinds of threats we face. You know, the network of terrorist organizations not just ISIS, but others who are part of this unfortunate network that stretches from North Africa to South Asia pose serious threats to friends, allies, and partners, as well as to ourselves. And we've got to keep our country safe, and we have to work with the rest of the world to try to defeat ISIS, to end that terrorist threat. So I will be a very careful, deliberate decision maker when facing hard choices, because I know what's at stake. And I know you can understand why there can't be from me anyway a blanket statement. But I want to assure you I will be transparent, I will be open, and I will explain to the American people if any occasion arises where we do have to take military action to protect ourselves or our close friends and partners.
 You know the first time I heard that yesterday and here's the reasoning, as best I, I understand from listening to the testimony excerpts. That, if we're going to open combat positions to qualified women so that they can compete to be Army Rangers, they can compete to be Navy Seals, they can compete to be Infantry Officers in the Marines, then we have expanded the definition of the allvolunteer military. I, I have to think about whether I think it's necessary to go as far as our military officers are recommending. You know, from my perspective, the allvolunteer military has worked, and we should not do anything that undermines it because it has provided a solid core of people who are willing to serve our country. The idea of having everybody register concerns me a little bit unless we have a better idea of where that's going to come out. Where I want people to register, I want every young person to register at the age of 18 to be able to vote automatically, and I think if if we had, you know, if we had a system like that I would, I would be very, very pleased about it. I have a hard time imagining the kind of national emergency that would require the use of the Selective Service system. So I just have to be better informed about why they're making this recommendation.
 Hi, Rebecca.
 Oh, I think that's a very fair question. You know, I did make a mistake and I admitted that I made a mistake. And in large measure that mistake really arose from the Bush administration's approach to what they thought they could accomplish in Iraq. The very explicit appeal that President Bush made before announcing the invasion that getting that vote would be a strong piece of leverage in order to finish the inspections. And he made that comment. And the U.N. Inspector Hans Blix said, give us the time, we will find out. Give us the hammer over their head, namely the vote, and we will be able to find out what they still have in terms of WMD. And the Bush administration didn't give them the time. And that was a breach of faith, in my view. But you know I gave them the vote, in large measure because I thought that would give us the time and we would find out, short of invasion. Turned out not to be. And I really regret that that's the way President Bush proceeded. That would not be something you would have to worry about with me. If I tell you we're going to do diplomacy, we're going to hang tough, we're going to get answers, that's exactly what we will do.
 Hi, Sean.
 Well, Sean, I had a lot of practice. So I could laugh up here, but it's not easy. It is a brutal experience. And when it first started happening to me back in the early 1990s when I was working on health care. And you know I was just unrecognizable to myself. What talk radio was saying, what Republican members of Congress and their allies were saying. I was just stunned. I could not understand how they got away with it. And I have had to learn to take criticism seriously, but not personally. And by that I mean this. The very fair question from Rebecca. People ask you questions or criticize you, think about it seriously. There are lessons to be learned, often from people who don't agree with you. But don't take it personally so that it just paralyzes you, literally stops you in your tracks. And so now that I've been through this for so many years, Sean, my understanding of the political tactics that the other side uses is pretty well versed. They play to keep. They play to destroy. They are constantly doing whatever they can to win. And they have a history now going back, you know, 3536 years of going after people who they believe they can't otherwise stop unless they engage in that negative attack. So right now, for example, a couple of hedge fund billionaires have started a super PAC to run ads against me. Karl Rove has you know solicited money from Wall Street to run ads against me. I view that as perversely flattering because clearly they know I mean what I say and I will do what I say. And I will stand in their way and I will stop them from perpetuating an agenda on America that is bad for our democracy, bad for our economy, bad for our societies. So I know I have to keep defending against them. But I'm the one who has the experience to do that. It's unlike anything you've ever gone through to be the subject of tens of millions of dollars of untrue, terrible attacks. And now the Koch brothers say they're going to spend $750 million to defeat the Democratic nominee. I'm still standing, and I will be standing. So don't worry about that. 
 Right.
 Don't you? 
 Yes. It's gotten even better funded. You know they brought in some new multibillionaires to pump the money in.
And look, these guys play for keeps. They want to control our country. Senator Sanders and I agree on that completely. They want to rig the economy so they continue to get richer and richer, they could care less about income inequality. They salve their consciences by giving big money to philanthropy, and, you know, getting great pictures of them standing in front of whatever charity they donated to. But make no mistake, they want to destroy unions. They want to go after any economic interests that they don't believe they can control. They want to destroy our balance of power. They want to go after our political system and fill it with people who will do their bidding. I said today in Dover, you know, I don't think all of the Republican candidates are so illinformed about climate change that they say they don't know because they're not scientists. They're just doing the bidding of the Koch brothers. They're told don't you dare say climate change is real because we're in the fossil fuel business. So this is exactly what they are up to. And, yes... ... it is probably look, at this point it's probably not correct to say it's a conspiracy because it's out in the open. You know, there is no doubt about what they're doing and who the players are and what they're trying to achieve. And they're shopping among the Republican candidates to figure out who among them will most likely do their bidding. So just know what we're up against because it's real and we're going to beat it. But it's going to take everybody working together. 
 Hi, Alison.
 Thank you.
 Well, thank you for starting by saying it's related to what I just said. And I acknowledge this as personally painful as it is. When you have been subjected to the level, the velocity of attacks that come every day, even if there is no factual basis to it, it's just normal for people to say, gosh, there has got to be something, why do they keep saying this and then we do that. And, you know, I testify for 11 hours, there's nothing to Benghazi, they don't give it up, they keep coming after it. So I know that I have to really demonstrate as clearly as I can who I am, what I stand for, and what I've always done. I've always been guided by the same values. I have always listened to people. And I've always worked as hard as I could to produce results for people. So when I ran for the Senate the first time and I was out there and, you know, people were barraging, I was running first against Rudy Giuliani and all of that. And I was able to just keep going and tell people, here's who I am, here's what I do, I want to do this with you. And I won. And then since years later when I ran, I got a higher percentage. And then I did have, as you all remember, a really tough campaign against thenSenator Obama. We saw each other very up close and personal. And he wins and turns and asks me to be his secretary of state, because he trusts me, he trusts my judgment, he trusts my experience. So all I can do is to just get up every day and work to do what I believe our country needs, find ways to help people, whether it's on mental health or addiction or autism or student loans, whatever it might be. And I trust the American people. I trust the people of New Hampshire to see my lifetime of work and service and to sort out all of the static and to know that I will work my heart out for you. And that's what I hope you will understand. 
 Hello, Rabbi.
How do you cultivate the ego, the ego that we all know you must have, a person must have to be the leader of the free world, and also the humility to recognize that we know that you can't be expected to be wise about all the things that the president has to be responsible for?
 Another absolutely wonderful question. Thank you, Rabbi. I think about this a lot. Um, I feel very fortunate that I am a person of faith, that I was raised in my church and that I have had to deal and struggle with a lot of these issues about ambition and humility, about service and selfgratification, all of the human questions that all of us deal with, but when you put yourself out into the public arena, I think it's incumbent upon you to be as self conscious as possible. This is hard for me. You know, I never thought I'd be standing on a stage here asking people to vote for me for president. I always wanted to be of service. I met my husband, who was such a natural, knew exactly what he wanted to do. I was happy to support him while I worked in the Children's Defense Fund and legal services and taught law, and, you know, had our daughter. I never thought I would do this. And so I have had to come to grips with how much more difficult it often is for me to talk about myself than to talk about what I want to do for other people, or to tell stories about, you know, the man I met in Rochester who whose AIDS medicine is no longer affordable. And that that can grip me and make me feel like there's something I can do about that. So I'm constantly trying to balance how do I assume the mantle of a position as essentially august as president of the United States not lose track of who I am, what I believe in and what I want to do to serve? I have that dialogue at least, you know, once a day in some setting or another. And I don't know that there is any ever absolute answer, like, OK, universe, here I am, watch me roar or oh, my gosh, I can't do it, it's just overwhelming, I have to retreat. It's that balance that I keep to try to find in my life that I want to see back in our country. And it will be something that I continue to talk about with a you know, with a group of faith advisers who are close to me. I get a scripture lesson every morning from a minister that I have a really close personal relationship with. And, you know, it just gets me grounded. He gets up really early to send it to me. So, you know, there it is in my in box at 5:00 a.m.. I have friends who are rabbis who send me notes, give me readings that are going to be discussed in services. So I really appreciate all that incoming. And the final thing I would say, because again, it's not anything I've ever talked about this much publicly, everybody knows I I have lived a very public life for the last 25 or so years. And so I've had to be in public dealing with some very difficult issues and personal issues, political, public issues. And I read a, um, a treatment of the prodigal son parable by the Jesuit Henri Nouwen, who I think is a magnificent writer of spiritual and theological concerns. And I I read that parable and there was a line in it that became just a lifeline for me. And it basically is practice the discipline of gratitude. So regardless of how hard the days are, how difficult the decisions are, be grateful. Be grateful for being a human being, being part of the universe. Be grateful for your limitations. Know that you have to reach out to have more people be with you, to support you, to advise you, listen to your critics, answer the questions. But at the end, be grateful. Practice the discipline of gratitude. And that has helped me enormously. 
 OK.
 OK.
 Well, look, that's just not the case. And I did represent New York, obviously.
There was no doubt that I took on a lot of what was going down on Wall Street, including calling them out on the mortgage issues, calling for a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau even before we got one created, calling for changes in CEO pay. But I honestly think that the best answer to this is the fact that everybody that I know who looks at what's happening in this campaign sees the same thing. The Wall Street interests, the money interests, the Republican political interests are spending a lot of money to try to defeat me. So I just find it kind of a strange argument. I happen to agree with Sen. Sanders. I'm not just going after Wall Street though. I think that's too narrow a target. I think we need to go after a company like Johnson Controls that is trying to avoid paying taxes after all of us bailed it out by pretending to sell itself in a socalled inversion in Europe. It's a perversion. It should be stopped. I want to go after the hedge funds that have bought up drug companies, you know Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Turing Pharmaceuticals, taking drugs that have been around a long time and upping the price. So I take seriously the obligation that I would have as president once again to try to get the deck unstacked, to get the odds favoring the average American again... And but I just have to I have to respectfully say, I think Sen. Sanders' target is too small, I really do. You know I respect him going after the big banks. I agree with him. No bank is too big to fail. No executive to powerful to jail. But we actually passed the process to be able to take on banks that pose excessive risk in our financial system in DoddFrank. So let's know the next president has to implement, but doesn't have to achieve that. Here's what I want to do. I want to go after all the other culprits. It wasn't just the big banks. It was the insurance company AIG. It was the investment bank Lehman Brothers. It was Countrywide Mortgage. It was Wachovia. There were a lot of bad actors. And if all you do is look over here, I'm telling you, they're going to be over there in the shadow banking sector just cooking up all kinds of ways to once again put our economy at risk. So I've got no argument that we need to take on these vested interests. I just have a wider group that I think we need to go after, from pharmaceuticals... ... insurance companies, shadow banking and other corporations that I think are undermining our ecoomy. And frankly they are undermining our democracy. This Johnson Controls thing really infuriates me. We bailed them out. The Republicans wanted the auto industry to just fail. They didn't care about the millions of jobs. Barack Obama and the Democratic Congress gave them a bailout. It turned out to be a good deal. All of us paid for it. They paid back the Treasury. So we didn't lose any money and we saved millions of jobs. And the auto industry just had a great year. Johnson Controls was one of those begging for the bailout. And now they're not going to pay their taxes? We're going to go right after that. That is absolutely wrong. And we need to be focused on getting a fix for that. 
 Look. I made speeches to lots of groups. I told them what I thought. I answered questions.
 Well, I don't know. That's what they offered, so... You know every secretary of State that I know has done that.
 Well, I didn't know...
 To be honest I wasn't I wasn't committed to running. I didn't know whether I would or not.
 I didn't. You know when I was secretary of State several times I said you know I think I'm done. And you know, so many people came to me, started talking to me. The circumstances, the concerns I had about the Republicans taking back the White House, because I think they wrecked what we achieved in the 1990s with 23 million new jobs and incomes going up for everybody. I did not want to see that happen again. I want to defend President Obama's accomplishments and the progress we've made. I want to go further. So yes, I was convinced. But you know anybody who knows me who thinks that they can influence me, name anything they've influenced me on. Just name one thing. I'm out here every day saying I'm going to shut them down, I'm going after them. I'm going to jail them if they should be jailed. I'm going to break them up. I mean they're not giving me very much money now. I can tell you that much. Fine with me.
I'm proud to have 90 percent of my donations from small donors and 60 percent, the highest ever, from women, which I'm really, really glad about. 
 No, I don't, because, you know, I don't feel that I paid any price for it and I am very clear about what I will do and they're on notice.
 Hi, Chris.
 I will do a lot, Chris, because we have an opportunity to do much more with respect to research into marijuana, what it can do to help people with the kinds of conditions you've just briefly described. I want to move it from a Schedule I drug to a Schedule II so that we can begin to do more research. The NIH and a lot of universities can begin to try to find out. Because I want you to know what we know from science. But I also want you to be able to use it while we're doing the research. And so many states, as you know, have moved to provide legal protection for the use of medical marijuana. I support that. I think that the states are the laboratories of our democracy. We should be learning about what works, what doesn't work. Different states have actually listed the kind of illnesses and conditions that it can be used for. Are they right? We don't know. That's why we have got to do the research. I also want you to know what dosage is right, what interacts with the other medication you're taking. I want to accelerate this because I have no doubt that there are very real benefits for people. We know in chemotherapy, we know from other conditions in using the right amount of the right kind of marijuana. I just want to make sure it's the right amount and the right kind. That's why I want to get that research up and going as quickly as possible. But you said something else which I think is really important. We can't be here in New Hampshire and not talk about the addiction problem in New Hampshire. Not talk about the fact that there have been more deaths by overdoses than car crashes in this state. Not talk about the lives that are being destroyed, the people that I meet, the grandmothers raising their grandchildren because they've lost their children. I just left a rally in Manchester, and a woman grabbed my hand and she said, I just lost my son to an overdose. So I have been working with elected officials like Senator Shaheen, like Governor Hassan, like Governor Shumlin of Vermont, who supports me, to try to figure out how do we put together a new approach, a new law enforcement approach so that firsttime, lowlevel drug users are not sent to jail but instead we have more treatment and recovery programs? There are 23 million people who need help in our country, both alcohol and drugs. There are 10 percent of the kind of spaces that they need to take care of those people. So we've got to work on law enforcement. We have to work on doctors to understand better when they prescribe opioids, which is often the first step towards heroin. We have to have every police department equipped with naloxone, which is the antidote to reverse overdose, save lives here in New Hampshire. We've got to put more money into this. So all of this to me fits together. You deserve answers about marijuana and we deserve more treatment for people who are addicted to drugs and alcohol for other kinds of challenges. So that's what I would like to do. 
 Hi.
 How old are they?
I also want them to take a look at my record, what I have done my entire life, starting as a young lawyer working for the Children's Defense Fund, taking on the problem of juveniles incarcerated with adults in South Carolina, trying to gather information to end segregated academies in the South. I want them to know that I was a legal services lawyers, standing up for equality under the law, defending people's rights because I believe passionately that those of us who have the opportunity to serve should serve. And then I hope they will look at what I have accomplished from, you know, starting the Children's Health Insurance Program that insures eight million kids, looking at ways to try to be smart in reforming our adoption and foster care system, with very partisan Republicans when I was First Lady. Getting healthcare for our National Guard. Helping to negotiate and implement a treaty to reduce nuclear weapons. A long list. And the reason I say that is I think it's very important that, as people move toward the primary on Tuesday, whatever your age, you really think about what someone is proposing and what their record is about getting it done. And as I've said and I mean it absolutely, I have the highest respect for Senator Sanders. But as the "Concord Monitor" said today in its writing about this, you know, it's, it's very hard to see how any of his proposals could ever be achievable. So I don't want to over promise. We've got too much of that. I want to tell people what I will do. I want to be specific because I do want to to go back to the question I was asked earlier recreate the trust that seems to have been splintered in America. We need to set big goals again. I am all for that. I have big, ambitious goals. Affordable college, early childhood education, making sure that we are on the path to paid family leave, all of which will help your daughters. But I also want them to hold me accountable. I want them to say, OK, how's that actually going to happen? What do we have to do to make it? We've got to get 60 votes to break a filibuster in the Senate. Nancy Pelosi has said, we're not going to revisit healthcare. We're going to stick with the Affordable Care Act. That's exactly where I am. We're going to improve it. Because I am somebody who wants to actually produce a real difference in people's lives. I am a progressive who gets results. And I will be a progressive President who gets results. And the final thing I would say is, it is still the case that there are challenges and obstacles to young women's ambitions. And I'm going to try to break the highest and hardest glass ceiling. I hope it splinters completely and, and I hope for your daughters it opens doors that might not be open right now, regardless of whether any of them ever do any politically. But in their lives, their profession, how they're treated. I hope it does give them more of a sense of empowerment. That's what I want for my daughter and my amazing granddaughter, and that's what I want for your daughters.
 You don't think they know everything?
 I used to do this in the White House and, you know, I would, I would put on a baseball cap and sunglasses and, you know, sweat pants and a sweat shirt, and put my hair back, and I would go walk. And I would tell the Secret Service they had to wear casual clothes, they had to take the things out of their ears, they had to look like they were just tourists. I had the best time, you know. I would, I would end up over on the Mall sometimes, walking around. And a family would come up and say, would you mind taking our picture in front of the White House. I'd be happy to. Here, why don't you... So, you know, there's nothing I like better than to be anonymous, as hard as that is to achieve. So I would spend the day, you know, out in nature, talking a long walk, walking through one of the beautiful towns here in New Hampshire, stopping in a cafe, stopping in a bookstore. You know, maybe calling some of my friends, some of whom are here tonight, and say, don't tell anybody but meet me, you know, there. That's what I, that's what I want to do, and it's what I get the great joy out of. I am so fortunate that I still have my friends from grade school and every other phase of my life. And they keep me grounded, they keep me honest, they deflate my head, they deal with the universe in one pocket and the dust and ashes in the other. 
So any time I get to spend time with them. And then of course it would have to end with seeing my granddaughter because that's the creme de le resistance...
 She calls me grandma. Grandma. Yes. She's working really hard on words. And it was so thrilling. They came to Iowa that last weekend because we obviously weren't going to leave. And so they got in late the night, Saturday night. And Sunday morning I'm getting ready. And you know Bill and I are you know having coffee and everything. So Chelsea brings her in and she sees me. She goes "grandma". And honest to goodness, the caucus could've ended right there. I would've been perfectly happy... ... saying the best thing has happened to me right this minute in Iowa. So that's where I'd end my day.
 Right.
 She was.
 Right.
 You know, my mother truly is my inspiration because she had such a terrible, miserable life and was abandoned and rejected by her own family, and was out at the age of 14 working as a housemaid. And her resilience, her love, her ability to have her own family to take such good care of us was just, you know to me the ultimate accomplishment in any life. And she would always give me the advice she gave me as a little girl. You know you get knocked down. Everybody gets knocked down. What matters is whether you get up. And when you get up, what do you do? How do you behave? Are you going to be bitter? Angry? Upset? Are you going to try to be positive, get something done, help somebody else? And I'm sure that's exactly what she'd be saying now. She'd be encouraging me. She'd be very proud, a little apprehensive because you know it's a brutal business being in politics. And people say things about those you love, whether it's your daughter or someone else. So she was very supportive. But you could tell you know how much pain she kind of absorbed from time to time. And so I would sit with her and I would say don't listen to that stuff, mom. And she'd say, well I have to know what they're saying about you. And I'd say you know don't put yourself through that. And so that would be what she'd be doing now I think too. Yes.
 Oh.
 Well, thank you. Well, first of all, thanks again for being part of this process, this first in the nation primary. You know I said earlier today some people said well you know Sen. Sanders is ahead. And I respect that. And so maybe you know I should go onto the next state. And I said absolutely not. New Hampshire has been so good to me and my family. And I love campaigning in New Hampshire. I love this process. So, you're going to have to put up with me. I'm going to be going around the state, going to as many events as I can, answering as many questions, trying to talk about what I am offering. I really believe that we have a chance to build on the progress we've made and to get results for people. To get the economy producing more good jobs, to get incomes rising again, that's my goal. I will not raise middle class taxes because the middle class hasn't even yet recovered from the Great Recession. We're going to stick with the Affordable Care Act. We're going to make it work. We're going to get early childhood education, affordable college and pay down student debt, a lot of the agenda that is important to our country, particularly to young people. And we're going to defend our rights. We're going to defend a woman's right to make her own health care decisions. We're going to defend Planned Parenthood. We're going to defend marriage equality and end discrimination against LGBT Americans. And we're going to take on the gun lobby because it is absolutely unconscionable to have... ... 33,000 people a year die from gun violence. So please, join me in this campaign. I hope you will come out and vote for me on Tuesday. And I will fight for you every single day in the White House. Thank you all very much. 
 Thank you all. Thank you, guys. Thank you so much. It is wonderful to be here and see so many friends. I've spoken at a lot of AIPAC conferences in the past, but this has to be one of the biggest yet and there are so many young people here, thousands of college students from hundreds of campuses around the country. I think we should all give them a hand for being here and beginning their commitment to this important cause.
You will keep the U.S.Israel relationship going strong. You know, as a senator from New York and secretary of state I've had the privilege of working closely with AIPAC members to strengthen and deepen America's ties with Israel. Now, we may not have always agreed on every detail, but we've always shared an unwavering, unshakable commitment to our alliance and to Israel's future as a secure and democratic homeland for the Jewish people.
And your support helped us expand security and intelligence, cooperation, develop the Iron Dome missile defense system, build a global coalition to impose the toughest sanctions in the history on Iran and so much more. Since my first visit to Israel 35 years ago, I've returned many times and made many friends. I've worked with and learned from some of Israel's great leaders, although, I don't think Yitzhak Rabin ever forgave me for banishing him to the White House balcony when he wanted to smoke.
Now I'm here as a candidate for president and I know that all of you understand what's at stake in this election. Our next president will walk into the Oval Office next January and immediately face a world of both perils we must meet with strength and skill and opportunities we must seize and build on. The next president will sit down at that desk and start making decisions that will affect both the lives and livelihoods of every American and the security of our friends around the world.
So we have to get this right. As AIPAC members, you understand that while the turmoil of the Middle East presents enormous challenge and complexity, walking away is not an option.
Candidates for president who think the United States can outsource Middle East security to dictators or that America no longer has vital national interests at stake in this region are dangerously wrong. It would be a serious mistake for the United States to abandon our responsibilities or cede the mantle of leadership for global peace and security to anyone else.
As we gather here, three evolving threats, Iran's continued aggression, a rising tide of extremism across a wide ark of instability and the growing effort to delegitimize Israel on the world stage are converging to make the U.S.Israel alliance more indispensable than ever.
We have to combat all these trends with even more intense security and diplomatic cooperation. United States and Israel must be closer than ever, stronger than ever and more determined than ever to prevail against our common adversaries and to advance our shared values.
This is especially true at a time when Israel faces brutal terrorist stabbings, shootings and vehicle attacks at home. Parents worry about letting their children walk down the street, families live in fear. Just a few weeks ago, a young American veteran and West Point graduate named Taylor Force was murdered by a Palestinian terrorist near the Jaffa Port. These attacks must end immediately and Palestinian leaders need to stop inciting violence, stop celebrating terrorists as martyrs and stop paying rewards to their families.
Because we understand the threats Israel faces, we know we can never take for granted the strength of our alliance or the success of our efforts. Today, Americans and Israelis face momentous choices that will shape the future of our relationship and of both our nations. The first choice is this, are we prepared to take the U.S.Israel alliance to the next level? This relationship has always been stronger and deeper than the headlines might lead you to believe. Our work together to develop the Iron Dome saved many Israeli lives when Hamas rockets began to fly.
I saw its effectiveness firsthand in 2012, when I worked with Prime Minister Netanyahu to negotiate a seize fire in Gaza and if I'm fortunate enough to be elected president, the United States will reaffirm we have a strong and enduring national interest in Israel's security. And we will never allow Israel's adversaries to think a wedge can be driven between us.
When we have differences, as any friends do, we will work to resolve them quickly and respectfully. We will also be clear that the United States has an enduring interest in and commitment to a more peaceful, more stable, more secure Middle East and we will step up our efforts to achieve that outcome. Indeed, at a time of unprecedented chaos and conflict in the region, America needs an Israel strong enough to deter and defend against its enemies, strong enough to work with us to tackle shared challenges and strong enough to take bold steps in the pursuit of peace.
That's why I believe we must take our alliance to the next level. I hope a new 10year defense memorandum of understanding is concluded as soon as possible to meet Israel's security needs far into the future. That will also send a clear message to Israel's enemies that the United States and Israel stand together united. It's also why, as president, I will make a firm commitment to ensure Israel maintains its qualitative military edge.
The United States should provide Israel with the most sophisticated defense technology so it can deter and stop any threat. That includes bolstering Israeli missile defenses with new systems, like the Arrow 3 and David's Sling, and we should work together to develop better tunnel detection technology to prevent arms smuggling, kidnapping and terrorist attacks.
One of the first things I'll do in office is invite the Israeli prime minister to visit the White House and I will send a delegation from the Pentagon and the Joint Chiefs to Israel forearly consultations. Let's also expand our collaboration beyond security. Together we can build an even more vibrant culture of innovation that tightens the links between Silicon Valley and Israeli tech companies and entrepreneurs.
There is much Americans can learn from Israel from cybersecurity to energy security to water security and just on an everyday people to people level. And it's especially important to continue fostering relationships between American and Israeli young people who may not always remember our shared past. They are the future of our relationship and we have to do more to promote that. Many of the young people here today are on the front lines of the battle to oppose the alarming boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement known as BDS.
Particularly at a time when antiSemitism is on the rise across the world, especially in Europe, we must repudiate all efforts to malign, isolate and undermine Israel and the Jewish people.
I've been sounding the alarm for a while now. As I wrote last year to the heads of major AmericanJewish organizations, we have to be united in fighting back against BDS. Many of its proponents have demonized Israeli scientists and intellectuals, even students. To all the college students who may have encountered this on campus, I hope you stay strong, keep speaking out, don't let anyone silence you, bully you or try to shut down debate, especially in places of learning like colleges and universities.
AntiSemitism has no place in any civilized society. Not in America, not in Europe, not anywhere.
Now, all of this work defending Israel's legitimacy, expanding security and economic ties, taking our alliance to the next level depends on electing a president with a deep, personal commitment to Israel's future as a secure, democratic Jewish state and to America's responsibilities as a global leader. Tonight, you'll hear from candidates with very different visions of American leadership in the region and around the world. You'll get a glimpse of a potential U.S. foreign policy that would insult our allies, not engage them and embolden our adversaries, not defeat them.
For the security of Israel and the world, we need America to remain a respected global leader committed to defending and advancing the international order, an America able to block efforts to isolate or attack Israel. The alternative is unthinkable.
Yes, we need steady hands, not a president who says he's neutral on Monday, proIsrael on Tuesday and who knows what on Wednesday, because everything's negotiable. Well, my friends, Israel's security is nonnegotiable.
I have sat in Israeli hospital rooms holding the hands of men and women whose bodies and lives were torn apart by terrorist bombs. I've listened to doctors describe the shrapnel left in a leg, an arm or even a head. That's why I feel so strongly that America can't ever be neutral when it comes to Israel's security or survival. We can't be neutral when rockets rain down on residential neighborhoods, when civilians are stabbed in the street, when suicide bombers target theinnocent. Some things aren't negotiable and anyone who doesn't understand that has no business being our president.
The second choice we face is whether we will have the strength and commitment to confront the adversaries that threaten us, especially Iran. For many years, we've all been rightly focused on the existential danger of Iran acquiring a nuclear weapon. After all, this remains an extremist regime that threatens to annihilate Israel.
That's why I led the diplomacy to impose crippling sanctions and force Iran to the negotiating table and why I ultimately supported the agreement that has put a lid on its nuclear program. Today, Iran's enriched uranium is all but gone, thousands of centrifuges have stopped spinning, Iran's potential breakout time has increased and new verification measures are in place to help us deter and detect any cheating.
I really believe the United States, Israel and the world are safer as a result, but still, as I laid out in a speech at the Brookings Institution last year, it's not good enough to trust and verify. Our approach must be distrust and verify.
This deal must come with vigorous enforcement, strong monitoring, clear consequences for any violations and a broader strategy to confront Iran's aggression across the region. We cannot forget that Tehran's fingerprints are on every conflict across the Middle East from Syria to Lebanon to Yemen. The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and its proxies are attempting to establish a position on the Golan from which to threaten Israel and they continue to fund Palestinian terrorists.
In Lebanon, Hezbollah is amassing an arsenal of increasingly sophisticated rockets and artillery that well may be able to hit every city in Israel. Tonight, you will hear a lot of rhetoric from the other candidates about Iran, but there's a big difference between talking about holding Tehran accountable and actually doing it. Our next president has to be able to hold together our global coalition and impose real consequences for even the smallest violations of this agreement.
We must maintain the legal and diplomatic architecture to turn all the sanctions back on if needed. If I'm elected, the leaders of Iran will have no doubt that if we see any indication that they are violating their commitments not to seek, develop or acquire nuclear weapons, the United States will act to stop it and that we will do so with force if necessary.
Iranian provocations, like the recent ballistic missile tests also are unacceptable and should be answered firmly and quickly, including with more sanctions.
Those missiles were stamped with words declaring, and I quote, "Israel should be wiped from the pages of history." We know they could reach Israel or hit the tens of thousands of American troops stationed in the Middle East. This is a serious danger and it demands a serious response.
The United States must also continue to enforce existing sanctions and impose additional sanctions as needed on Iran and the Revolutionary Guard for their sponsorship of terrorism, illegal arms transfers, human rights violations and other illicit behaviors, like cyberattacks. We should continue to demand the safe return of Robert Levinson and all American citizens unjustly held in Iranian prisons.
And we must work closely with Israel and other partners to cut off the flow of money and arms from Iran to Hezbollah. If the Arab League can designate all of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization, surely it is time for our friends in Europe and the rest of the international community to do so as well and to do that now.
At the same time, America should always stand with those voices inside Iran calling for more openness. Now look, we know the supreme leader still calls the shots and that the hardliners are intent on keeping their grip on power, but the Iranian people themselves deserve a better future and they are trying to make their voices heard. They should know that America is not their
enemy, they should know we will support their efforts to bring positive change to Iran.
Now, of course, Iran is not the only threat we and Israel face. The United States and Israel also have to stand together against the threat from ISIS and other radical jihadists. An ISIS affiliate in the Sinai is reportedly stepping up attempts to make inroads in Gaza and partners with Hamas.
On Saturday, a number of Israelis and other foreigners were injured or killed in a bombing in Istanbul that may well be linked to ISIS. Two of the dead are U.S.Israeli dual nationals. This is a threat that knows no borders. That's why I've laid out a plan to take the fight to ISIS from the air, on the ground with local forces and online where they recruit and inspire. Our goal cannot be to contain ISIS; we must defeat ISIS.
And here is a third choice, will we keep working toward a negotiated peace or lose forever the goal of two states for two peoples? Despite many setbacks, I remain convinced that peace with security is possible and that it is the only way to guarantee Israel's longterm survival as a strong Jewish and democratic state.
It may be difficult to imagine progress in this current climate when many Israelis doubt that a willing and capable partner for peace even exists, but inaction cannot be an option. Israelis deserve a secure homeland for the Jewish people. Palestinians should be able to govern themselves in their own state in peace and dignity and only a negotiated twostate agreement can provide those outcomes.
If we look at the broader, regional context, converging interests between Israel and key Arab states could make it possible to promote progress on the IsraeliPalestinian issue. Israelis and Palestinians could contribute to our greater cooperation between Israel and Arabs. I know how hard all of this is. I remember what it took just to convene Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Abbas for the three sessions of direct facetoface peace talks in 2010 that I presided over, but Israelis and Palestinians cannot give up on the hope of peace.
That will only make it harder later. All of us need to look for opportunities to create the conditions for progress, including by taking positive actions that can rebuild trust. Like the recent constructive meetings between the Israeli and Palestinian finance ministers aiming to help bolster the Palestinian economy or the daily ontheground security cooperation between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.
But at the same time, all of us must condemn actions that setback the cause of peace. Terrorism should never be encouraged or celebrated and children should not be taught to hate in schools.
That poisons the future. Everyone has to do their part by avoiding damaging actions, including with respect to settlements. Now, America has an important role to play in supporting peace efforts and as president, I would continue the pursuit of direct negotiations. And let me be clear, I would vigorously oppose any attempt by outside parties to impose a solution, including by the U.N. Security Council.
There is one more choice that we face together and in some ways, it may be the most important of all, will we as Americans and as Israelis stay true to the shared democratic values that have always been at the heart of our relationship? We are both nations built by immigrants and exiles seeking to live and worship in freedom, nations built on principles of equality, tolerance and pluralism.
At our best, both Israel and America are seen as a light unto the nations because of those values. This is the real foundation of our alliance and I think it's why so many Americans feel such a deep emotional connection with Israel. I know that I do and it's why we cannot be neutral about Israel and Israel's future, because in Israel's story, we see our own and the story of all people who struggle for freedom and selfdetermination.
There's so many examples. You know, we look at the pride parade in Tel Aviv, one of the biggest and most prominent in the world and we marvel that such a bastion of liberty exists in a region so plagued by intolerance. We see the vigorous, even raucous debate in Israeli politics and feel right at home.
And of course, some of us remember a woman, Golda Meir, leading Israel's government decades ago and wonder what's taking us so long here in America.
But we cannot rest on what previous generations have accomplished. Every generation has to renew our values and yes, even fight for them. Today, Americans and Israelis face currents of intolerance and extremism that threaten the moral foundations of our societies. Now, in a democracy, we're going to have differences, but what Americans are hearing on the campaign trail this year is something else entirely, encouraging violence, playing coy with white supremacists, calling for 12 million immigrants to be rounded up and deported, demanding we turn away refugees because of their religion and proposing a ban on all Muslims entering the United States.
Now, we've had dark chapters in our history before, we remember the nearly 1,000 Jews aboard the St. Louis who were refused entry in 1939 and sent back to Europe, but America should be better than this and I believe it's our responsibility as citizens to say so. If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him.
On Wednesday evening, Jews around the world will celebrate the Festival of Purim and children will learn the story of Esther who refused to stay silent in the face of evil. It wasn't easy, she had a good life and by speaking out, she risked everything, but as Mordecai reminded her, we all have an obligation to do our part when danger gathers and those of us with power or influence have a special responsibility to do what's right.
As Elie Wiesel said when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize, "Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented." So my friends, let us never be neutral or silent in the face of bigotry. Together, let's defend the shared values that already make America and Israel great.
Let us do the hard work necessary to keep building our friendship and reach out to the next generation of Americans and Israelis so the bonds between our nations grow even deeper and stronger. We are stronger together and if we face the future side by side, I know for both Israel and America our best days are still ahead.
Thank you so much.Hello! Hi. Thank you all very, very much, please be seated, it뇹 wonderful being back here. It뇹 always a special privilege having grown up in Chicago in the suburbs to be here in the state capitol and especially here in this great historic place filled with so much meaning, not just for Illinois but for our country. And I뇴 delighted to have this opportunity to talk with you about the state of our country today.
Nearly 160 years ago, Abraham Lincoln gave a speech in this statehouse that marked a turning point in the political life of our nation.
The question of slavery was being fiercely debated across America. Roughly half the states allowed it. Half abolished it. And some people  including Lincoln  believed that until it was gone entirely, our country would never be truly united and at peace.
So on June 16, 1858, when Mr. Lincoln kicked off his campaign for the United States Senate, he delivered an address on how slavery was tearing our country apart. And that it must go. Some thought that he ended up losing that Senate race because of that speech. But then he won the Presidency. And some thought it was because of that speech.
President Lincoln led America during the most challenging period in our nation뇹 history. He defended our Union, our Constitution, and the ideal of a nation 녂onceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. His legacy included laws and amendments that enshrined those values for future generations. They protect and guide us still.
I뇴 here today, in this place, because the words Lincoln spoke all those years ago still hold resonance for us now.
Remember, he said, 네 house divided against itself cannot stand. I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. I do not expect, he went on, 넶he Union to be dissolved; I do not expect the house to fall. But I do expect it will cease to be divided. It will become all one thing or all the other.
The challenges we face today do not approach those of Lincoln뇹 time. Not even close. And we should be very clear about that.
But recent events have left people across America asking hard questions about whether we are still a house divided.
Despite our best efforts and highest hopes, America뇹 long struggle with race is far from finished. In just the past week, we saw black men killed by police and five police officers killed by a sniper targeting white police. There is too much violence and hate in our country. Too little trust and common ground. It can feel impossible to have the conversations we need to have, to fix what뇹 broken.
And despite being the richest country on earth, we have too much economic inequality  and that also undermines the foundation of our democracy.
Lincoln understood that threat, too. He deeply believed everyone deserved  in his words  녀 fair chance in the race of life. He saw it as a defining feature of the United States, and believed it was vital that hardworking people be free to enjoy the fruits of their own labor. It뇹 one of the reasons he was so strongly against slavery  because it violated that entire notion. And as President, he took pains to use the tools of government to create more economic opportunity for Americans at every level of society. So, too, must we fight inequality and create opportunity in our time  not just for some Americans, but for all.
So I come today as a mother and a grandmother to two beautiful little children. Who, I want them and all our children to grow up in a country where violence like the kind we saw last week doesn뇺 happen again  and where the American Dream is big enough for everyone.
I뇴 also here as a candidate for President who is deeply concerned about the divisions that still hold our people apart and our nation back. I believe that our future peace and prosperity depends on whether we meet this moment with honesty and courage.
That means taking a hard look at our laws and our attitudes. It means embracing policies that promote justice for all people, and standing firm against any attempt to roll back the clock on the rights and opportunities that so many sacrificed so much to secure.
And all of that starts with doing a better job of listening to each other.
We need to listen to the families whose loved ones have been killed in police incidents. Alton Sterling and Philando Castile are just the latest in a long and painful litany of African Americans dying after encounters with police officers. We remember Laquan McDonald, killed in Chicago a year and a half ago and Sandra Bland, who grew up in Illinois who died one year ago today. Time after time, no one is held accountable. And surely we can all agree that뇹 deeply wrong and needs to change.
And yes we do need to listen to those who say 넥lack Lives Matter. Too many black Americans, especially young men, feel like their lives are disposable. And they worry every single day about what might happen. They have reason to feel that way. And it뇹 absolutely unacceptable. Everyone in America, everyone deserves to be treated with respect and dignity. Surely that is something we can all unite behind.
We need to acknowledge the five Latinos who also lost their lives in police incidents last week. Their stories didn뇺 get national media coverage, but their families and communities are mourning too.
And at the same time, we need to listen to the dedicated, principled police officers working hard every day to rebuild trust with the communities they serve and protect. Our men and women in blue put their lives on the line everyday to keep us safe and keep our democracy strong. Remember what Michael Krol, Michael Smith, Lorne Ahrens, Brent Thompson and Patrick Zamarripa were doing when they died. They were protecting a peaceful march. They were people cloaked in authority making sure their fellow citizens could exercise their right to protest authority. And there뇹 nothing more vital to our democracy than that. And they gave their lives for it.
David Brown, the Dallas police chief, said that when it comes to overcoming systemic racism and so many other problems in society, we ask too much of the police and too little of everyone else. I think he뇹 absolutely right. This is our problem, and we all need to work together to solve it.
We also need to listen to the families crying out for relief from gun violence. President Obama뇹 trip to Dallas yesterday was the 11th time he has spoken to a city in mourning after a mass shooting. The wrong people keep getting their hands on guns. And not just any guns  military weapons, like the kind that the Dallas killer had, which allowed him to outgun the police. And the vast majority of gun owners agree: we have to come together around common sense steps to prevent gun violence. If were looking for common ground  this is common ground. And I hope that we will, from Washington, to Springfield to everywhere across America, come to agreement about that.
Now I understand that just saying these things together may upset some people. I뇴 talking about police reform just a few days after a horrific attack on police officers. I뇴 talking about courageous, honorable police officers just a few days after officerinvolved shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota. I뇴 bringing up guns in a country where just talking about comprehensive background checks and getting assault weapons off our streets gets you demonized.
But all these things can be true at the same time.
We do need criminal justice reform to save lives and to make sure all Americans are treated as equals in rights and dignity. We do need to support our police departments that are trying to get it right, and honor the men and women who protect us every day. We do need to do more to stop gun violence. We may disagree about how to do these things, but surely we can all agree with those basic premises. And I hope and pray the past week has showed us how true they are.
Now, these are the issues on many of our minds right now. And if we stop there, that would leave us with plenty of work to do.
So I wish I could say that was everything that we must address.
But these events are taking place against a much broader backdrop of fear and anxiety. So I think we have to face all of it.
We do need to make sure our economy works for everyone, not just those at the top. The changes that have roiled our economy over the past few decades are not just numbers on a page that economists study. They are real forces that families are dealing with up close and personal every day.
Not long ago, I met with factory workers here in Illinois whose jobs are being sent abroad, and heard how painful the consequences have been for them and their families. I뇼e talked to workers across our country who뇼e seen good jobs lost to technologies, who keep being told to get more training  even though that often doesn뇺 lead to a good new job on the other end.
These economic disruptions have stripped too many people of their sense of security and dignity. And that can have devastating consequences. We have to ask ourselves, why are drug addiction and suicide on the rise in parts of our country? That뇹 not just about economics. It뇹 about something deeper, that is connected to economics: a sense of dislocation, even a pessimism about whether America still holds anything for them or cares about them at all.
That뇹 why I뇼e pledged that in my first 100 days as President, we will make the biggest investment in new, goodpaying jobs since World War II. We need more jobs you can support a family on, especially in places that have been left out and left behind from Coal Country to Indian Country to inner cities, to every place that뇹 been hollowed out when a factory closed or a mine shut down because everyone in America deserves that 녅air chance in the race of life that President Lincoln described.
Now, I realize that our politics have contributed to the sense of division many Americans feel right now. And as someone in the middle of a hotly fought political campaign, I cannot stand here and claim that my words and actions haven뇺 sometimes fueled the partisanship that often stands in the way of progress. So I recognize I have to do better too.
I뇴 running for President with the belief that we need to face up to these challenges and fix them in order to become a stronger, fairer country. And in times like these, we need a President who can help pull us together, not split us apart.
And that is why I believe Donald Trump is so dangerous.
His campaign is as divisive as any we have seen in our lifetimes. It is built on stoking mistrust and pitting American against American. It뇹 there in everything he says and everything he promises to do as President.
It뇹 there in how he wants to ban Muslims from coming to the United States, and toyed with creating a database to track Muslims in America. It뇹 there in the way he demeans women, in his promotion of an antiSemitic image pushed by neoNazis, and in the months that he spent trying to discredit the citizenship and legitimacy of our first black President. Last night in an interview, he said that he understands systemic bias against black people because  and I quote  년ven against me, the system is rigged  unquote. He went on to say, 넬 can relate to it very much myself. Even this  the killing of people  is somehow all about him.
It뇹 there in his proposals on immigration. He says he뇳l round up 11 million people and kick them out. He뇹 actually described a special deportation force that would go around America, pulling people out of their homes and workplaces, pulling children out of school. I got a letter from a mother the other day who said her adopted son asked her with a shaky voice if President Trump would send him back to Ethiopia. When kids are scared by political candidates and policy debates, it뇹 a sign something has gone badly wrong.
And we see it in the violence that Donald Trump encouraged toward protesters at his rallies, and the strange things he has said about the violence that will occur if we don뇺 elect him. He says that if he doesn뇺 win this November, we  and again I quote  녕on뇺 even have a country anymore, America뇹 녍ot going to continue to survive. I do not know what he뇹 talking about. But I do know we don뇺 need that kind of fearmongering  not now, not ever.
And he뇹 gone even further even than that. He has taken aim at some of our most cherished democratic values and institutions. He wants to revoke the citizenship of 4 million Americans born in this country to immigrant parents, and eliminate the bedrock principle enshrined in the 14th Amendment  that if youre born in America, youre a citizen of America. He said that a distinguished American, born in Indiana, a judge can뇺 be trusted to do his job because his parents were Mexican; he called him a 넰exican judge over and over again. He knew that the judge had been born in Indiana. But it was a cynical, calculated attempt to fan the flames of racial division. And designed to undermine people뇹 faith in our judicial system. Why would someone running for President want to do that?
And even that뇹 not all. He says, as CommanderinChief, he would order our troops to commit war crimes, and insisted they would follow his orders, even though that goes against decades of military training and the military code. He뇹 banished members of the press who have criticized him  is there any doubt he would do the same as President? Imagine if he had not just Twitter and cable news to go after his critics and opponents, but also the IRS  or for that matter, our entire military. Given what we have seen and heard, do any of us think he뇫 be restrained?
And he has shown contempt for and ignorance of our Constitution. Last week, he met with House Republicans in Washington to try to assuage their serious concerns about him. One member asked whether he뇫 protect Article I, which defines the separation of powers between Congress and the executive branch. Here뇹 the answer he reportedly gave: 넬 want to protect Article One, Article Two, Article Twelve. Well here뇹 the thing  there is no Article Twelve  not even close. That was a serious question, from an elected representative, and he either didn뇺 care enough to answer it seriously  or he didn뇺 know where to begin.
Even the most stalwart Republicans were alarmed by that. And well they, and we, should be.
The first thing a new President does is take an oath to 녏rotect and defend the Constitution. To do that with any meaning, you뇼e got to know what뇹 in it. And you뇼e got to respect what뇹 in it.
I do wish Donald Trump would listen to other people once in awhile. He might actually learn something. But he뇹 made it clear  that뇹 not his thing. As he has said, he only listens to himself.
This man is the nominee of the Party of Lincoln. We are watching it become the Party of Trump. And that뇹 not just a huge loss for our democracy  it is a threat to it.
Because Donald Trump뇹 campaign adds up to an ugly, dangerous message to America. A message that you should be afraid  afraid of people whose ethnicity is different, or religious faith is different, or who were born in a different country or hold different political beliefs.
Make no mistake  there are things to fear in this world, and we need to be cleareyed about them. But we are each other뇹 countrymen and women. We share this miraculous country. This land and its heritage is yours, mine and everyone뇹  willing to pledge allegiance and understand the solemn responsibilities of American citizenship. That뇹 what 녈ndivisible means  that big word that every grade school student knows  that were in this together, even if that뇹 not always easy.
So let뇹 think better of each other. Let뇹 hold together in the face of our challenges  not turn on each other or tear each other down.
Let뇹 put ourselves in the shoes of police officers, kissing their kids and spouses goodbye every day and heading off to a dangerous job we need them to do.
Let뇹 put ourselves in the shoes of African Americans and Latinos, and try as best we can to imagine what it would be like if we had to have 녒he talk with our kids about how carefully they need to act because the slightest wrong move could get them hurt or killed.
And yes, let뇹 put ourselves in the shoes of Donald Trump뇹 supporters. We may disagree on the causes and the solutions to the challenges we face  but I believe like anyone else, theyre trying to figure out their place in a fastchanging America. They want to know how to make a good living and how to give their kids better futures and opportunities. That뇹 why we뇼e got to reclaim the promise of America for all our people  no matter who they vote for.
And let뇹 be more than allies to each other. Let뇹 take on each other뇹 struggles as our own.
My life뇹 work is built on the conviction that we are stronger together. Not separated into factions or sides. Not shouting over each other, but together. Our economy is stronger when everyone contributes to it, and everyone can benefit from the work they do. Our communities are stronger when we all pull together to solve our problems and restore our faith in each other, and by doing so in the promise of America. Our country is stronger when we work with our friends and allies to promote peace, prosperity, and security around the world.
This is an idea that goes back to the founding of America, when 13 separate colonies found a way  despite their differences  to join together as one nation. They knew they were not stronger on their own, and neither are we.
I뇼e had the great delight of seeing the musical 뉻amilton. And I hope more people at least get a chance to listen to the score and to hear the words. There뇹 a great song by the character playing George Washington who sings, 넫istory뇹 eyes are on us. That was true then, and that뇹 true today.
If we do this right, and if we have the hard conversations we need to have, we will become stronger still  like steel tempered by fire. Now don뇺 get me wrong, fierce debates are part of who we are  they started at my dinner table with my father, and have continued ever since. It is who we are. Youre reminded of that when you read history, when you think about the LincolnDouglas Debates. Debate over the right way forward.
And sometimes we have to balance competing values like freedom and order, justice and security, these are complementary values of American life. That isn뇺 easy. Previous generations have had to overcome terrible challenges. And no one more so than Abraham Lincoln. But in the end, if we do the work, we will cease to be divided. We, in fact, will be indivisible with liberty and justice for all.
And we will remain  in Lincoln뇹 words  the last, best hope of earth.
Thank you all very much.Thank you all very, very much! Thank you for that amazing welcome!
Thank you all for the great convention that we've had.
And Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman you've become. Thank you for bringing Mark into our family and Charlotte and Aidan into the world.
And Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago ... it is still going strong.
You know, that conversation has lasted through good times that filled us with joy and hard times that tested us. And I've even gotten a few words in along the way.
On Tuesday night I was so happy to see that my "explainer in chief" is still on the job.
I'm also grateful to the rest of my family and to the friends of a lifetime.
To all of you whose hard work brought us here tonight and to those of you who joined this campaign this week, thank you. What a remarkable week it's been!
We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton, and the man of hope, Barack Obama. America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership. And I'm better because of his friendship.
We heard from our terrific vice president, the one and only Joe Biden.
He spoke from his big heart about our party's commitment to working people as only he can do.
And first lady Michelle Obama reminded us that our children are watching. And the president we elect is going to be their president, too.
And for those of you out there who are just getting to know Tim Kaine you will soon understand why the people of Virginia keep promoting him from city council and mayor to governor and now senator. And he will make our whole country proud as our vice president.
And I want to thank Bernie Sanders.
Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans, particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary.
You've put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong.
And to all of your supporters here and around the country, I want you to know I've heard you. Your cause is our cause.
Our country needs your ideas, energy and passion. That is the only way we can turn our progressive platform into real change for America. We wrote it together, now let's go out and make it happen together!
My friends, we've come to Philadelphia, the birthplace of our nation, because what happened in this city 240 years ago still has something to teach us today. We all know the story, but we usually focus on how it turned out and not enough on how close that story came to never being written at all.
When representatives from 13 unruly colonies met just down the road from here, some wanted to stick with the king and some wanted to stick it to the king.
The Revolution hung in the balance, and somehow they began listening to each other, compromising, finding common purpose. And by the time they left Philadelphia, they had begun to see themselves as one nation. That's what made it possible to stand up to a king. That took courage, they had courage. Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.
Now America is once again at a moment of reckoning. Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart. Bonds of trust and respect are fraying. And just as with our Founders, there are no guarantees. It truly is up to us. We have to decide whether we will all work together so we can all rise together.
Our country's motto is E Pluribus Unum, out of many we are one. Will we stay true to that motto?
Well, we heard Donald Trump's answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us from the rest of the world and from each other. He's betting that the perils of today's world will blind us to its unlimited promise. He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from morning in America to midnight in America.
He wants us to fear the future and fear each other. Well, you know, a great Democratic President Franklin Delano Roosevelt came up with the perfect rebuke to Trump more than 80 years ago during a much more perilous time: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself!
Now, we are cleareyed about what our country is up against. But we are not afraid. We will rise to the challenge just as we always have. We will not build a wall; instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one. And we'll build a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy.
We will not ban a religion. We will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism.
Yet, we know there is a lot to do. Too many people haven't had a pay raise since the crash. There's too much inequality, too little social mobility, too much paralysis in Washington.
Too many threats at home and abroad. But just look for a minute at the strengths we bring as Americans to meet these challenges.
We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world.
We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had.
We have the most powerful military, the most innovative entrepreneurs, the most enduring values, freedom and equality, justice and opportunity, we should be so proud that those words are associated with us.
I have to tell you, as your secretary of state I went to 112 countries. When people hear those words, they hear America!
So don't let anyone tell you that our country is weak. We're not. Don't let anyone tell you we don't have what it takes. We do. And most of all, don't believe anyone who says I alone can fix it.
Yes, those were actually Donald Trump's words in Cleveland. And they should set off alarm bells for all of us. Really? I alone can fix it? Isn't he forgetting troops on the front lines, police officers and firefighters who run toward danger, doctors and nurses who care for us, teachers who change lives, entrepreneurs who see possibilities in every problem, mothers who lost children to violence and are building a movement to keep other kids safe? He's forgetting every last one of us.
Americans don't say "I alone can fix it." We say "we'll fix it together!"
And remember, remember, our Founders fought a Revolution and wrote a Constitution so America would never be a nation where one person had all the power.
That's how Americans answer when the call for help goes out.
Twenty years ago I wrote a book called "It Takes a Village." And a lot of people looked at the title and asked, what the heck do you mean by that? This is what I mean. None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.
America needs every one of us to lend our energy, our talents, our ambition to making our nation better and stronger. I believe that with all my heart. That's why "stronger together" is not just a lesson from our history, it's not just a slogan for our campaign, it's a guiding principle for the country we've always been and the future we're going to build, a country where the economy works for everyone, not just those at the top.
Where you can get a good job and send your kids to a good school, no matter what ZIP code you live in. A country where all our children can dream and those dreams are within reach, where families are strong, communities are safe and, yes, where love trumps hate.
That's the country we're fighting for. That's the future we're working toward. And so, my friends, it is with humility, determination and boundless confidence in America's promise that I accept your nomination for president of the United States!
Now, sometimes듭ometimes듮he people at this podium are new to the national stage. As you know, I'm not one of those people. I've been your first lady, served eight years as a senator from the great state of New York, then I represented all of you as secretary of state.
But my job titles only tell you what I've done. They don't tell you why. The truth is, through all these years of public service, the service part has always come easier to me than the public part.
I get it that some people just don't know what to make of me.
So let me tell you. The family I'm from, well, no one had their name on big buildings. My family were builders of a different kind, builders in the way most American families are. They used whatever tools they had, whatever God gave them and whatever life in America provided and built better lives and better futures for their kids.
My grandfather worked in the same Scranton lace mill for 50 years.
Because he believed that if he gave everything he had, his children would have a better life than he did. And he was right. My dad, Hugh, made it to college, he played football at Penn State and enlisted in the Navy after Pearl Harbor. When the war was over, he started his own small business printing fabric for draperies. I remember watching him stand for hours over silkscreens. He wanted to give my brothers and me opportunities he never had, and he did.
My mother, Dorothy, was abandoned by her parents as a young girl. She ended up on her own at 14 working as a housemaid. She was saved by the kindness of others. Her firstgrade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch, and brought extra food to share the entire year.
The lessons she passed on to me years later stuck with me. No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up. And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith: Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can as long as ever you can.
So I went to work for the Children's Defense Fund, going doorto door in New Bedford, Massachusetts on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school. I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house. She told me how badly she wanted to go to school. It just didn't seem possible in those days. And I couldn't stop thinking of my mother and what she'd gone through as a child.
It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.
So we gathered facts, we built a coalition and our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities. It's a big idea, isn't it? Every kid with a disability has the right to go to school.
But how? How do you make an idea like that real? You do it step by step, year by year, sometimes even door by door. My heart just swelled when I saw Anastasia Somoza representing millions of young people on this stage.
Because we changed our law to make sure she got an education. So it's true. I sweat the details of policy, whether we're talking about the exact level of lead in the drinking water in Flint, Michigan, the number of mental health facilities in Iowa or the cost of your prescription drugs.
Because it's not just a detail if it's your kid, if it's your family. It's a big deal. And it should be a big deal to you president, too.
After the four days of this convention, you've seen some of the people who have inspired me, people who let me into their lives and became a part of mine, people like Ryan Moore and Lauren Manning. They told their stories Tuesday night.
I first met Ryan as a 7year old. He was wearing a fullbody brace that must have weighed 40 pounds because I leaned over to lift him up. Children like Ryan kept me going when our plan for universal health care failed and kept me working with leaders of both parties to help create the Children's Health Insurance Program that covers 8 million kids in our country.
Lauren Manning, who stood here with such grace and power, was gravely injured on 9/11. It was the thought of her and Debbie St. John who you saw in the movie and John Dolan and Joe Sweeney and all the victims and survivors that kept me working as hard as I could in the Senate on behalf of 9/11 families and our first responders who got sick from their time at ground zero.
I was thinking of Lauren, Debbie and all the others 10 years later in the White House Situation Room when President Obama made the courageous decision that finally brought Osama bin Laden to justice.
And in this campaign, I've met many more people who motivate me to keep fighting for change. And with your help, I will carry all of your voices and stories with me to the White House.
And you heard from Republicans and independents who are supporting our campaign. Well, I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, independents, for the struggling, the striving, the successful, for all those who vote for me and for those who don't. For all Americans together!
Tonight we've reached a milestone in our nation's march toward a more perfect union. The first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president!
Standing here as my mother's daughter and my daughter's mother, I'm so happy this day has come. I'm happy for grandmothers and little girls and everyone in between. I'm happy for boys and men. Because when any barrier falls in America, it clears the way for everyone.
After all, when there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit!
So let's keep going. Let's keep going until every one of the 161 million women and girls across America has the opportunity she deserves to have!
But even more important than the history we make tonight is the history we will write together in the years ahead.
Let's begin with what we're going to do to help working people in our country get ahead and stay ahead.
Now, I don't think President Obama and Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving us from the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes.
Our economy is so much stronger than when they took office. Nearly 15 million new private sector jobs, 20 million more Americans with health insurance, and an auto industry that just had its best year ever.
Now, that's real progress, but none of us can be satisfied with the status quo, not by a long shot. We're still facing deepseated problems that developed long before the recession and have stayed with us through the recovery.
I've gone around the country talking to working families and I've heard from many who feel like the economy sure isn't working for them. Some of you are frustrated, even furious. And you know what? You're right. It's not yet working the way it should. Americans are willing to work and work hard, but right now an awful lot of people feel there is less and less respect for the work they do and less respect for them, period.
Democrats, we are the party of working people.
But we haven't done a good enough job showing we get what you're going through, and we're going to do something to help. So tonight I want to tell you how we will empower Americans to live better lives.
My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States.
From my first day in office to my last, especially in places that for too long have been left out and left behind, from our inner cities to our small towns, from Indian country to coal country, from communities ravaged by addiction, to regions hollowed out by plant closures.
And here's what I believe. I believe America thrives when the middle class thrives. I believe our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should.
That's why we need to appoint Supreme Court justices who will get money out of politics and expand voting rights, not restrict them.
And if necessary, we will pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United!
I believe American corporations that have gotten so much from our country should be just as patriotic in return. Many of them are, but too many aren't. It's wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other.
And I believe Wall Street can never, ever be allowed to wreck Main Street again.
And I believe in science!
I believe climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of goodpaying, cleanenergy jobs.
I believe that when we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be selfdefeating and inhumane to try to kick them out.
Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together. And it's the right thing to do.
So whatever party you belong to or if you belong to no party at all, if you share these beliefs, this is your campaign.
If you believe that companies should share profits, not pad executive bonuses, join us!
If you believe the minimum wage should be a living wage and no one working full time should have to raise their children in poverty, join us!
If you believe that every man, woman and child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us!
If you believe that we should say no to unfair trade deals, that we should stand up to China, that we should support our steelworkers and autoworkers and homegrown manufacturers, then join us!
If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own health care decisions, then join us!
And yes, yes, if you believe that your working mother, wife, sister or daughter deserves equal pay, join us!
That's how we're going to make sure this economy works for everyone, not just those at the top.
Now, you didn't hear any of this, did you, from Donald Trump at his convention? He spoke for 70odd minutes드nd I do mean odd드nd he offered zero solutions. But we already know he doesn't believe these things. No wonder he doesn't like talking about his plans. You might have noticed I love talking about mine.
In my first 100 days, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, goodpaying jobs since World War II. Jobs in manufacturing, clean energy, technology and innovation, small business and infrastructure. If we invest in infrastructure now, we'll not only create jobs today, but lay the foundation for the jobs of the future. And we will also transform the way we prepare our young people for those jobs.
Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition free for the middle class and debt free for all.
We will also liberate millions of people who already have student debt.
It's just not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts and students and families can't refinance their debts.
And something we don't say often enough, sure, college is crucial, but a fouryear degree should not be the only path to a good job.
We will help more people learn a skill or practice a trade and make a good living doing it.
We will give small businesses, like my dad's, a boost, make it easier to get credit. Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In America, if you can dream it you should be able to build it.
And we will help you balance family and work. And you know what? If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in!
Now, here's the other thing.
Now, we're not only going to make all of these investments, we're going to pay for every single one of them. And here's how: Wall Street, corporations and the super rich are going to start paying their fair share of taxes.
This is not because we resent success. But when more than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent, that's where the money is. And we are going to follow the money.
And if companies take tax breaks and then ship jobs overseas, we'll make them pay us back and we'll put that money to work where it belongs, creating jobs here at home.
Now, I imagine that some of you are sitting at home thinking, well, that all sounds pretty good, but how are you going to get it done? How are you going to break through the gridlock in Washington?
Well, look at my record. I've worked across the aisle to pass laws and treaties and to launch new programs that help millions of people. And if you give me the chance, that's exactly what I'll do as president.
But then I also imagine people are thinking out there, but Trump, he's a businessman, he must know something about the economy.
Well, let's take a closer look, shall we? In Atlantic City, 60 miles from here, you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills.
Now, remember what the president said last night: Don't boo; vote!
But think of this. People who did the work and needed the money, not because he couldn't pay them, but because he wouldn't pay them. He just stiffed them. And you know that sales pitch he's making to be president, put your faith in him and you'll win big? That's the same sales pitch he made to all those small businesses. Then Trump walked away and left working people holding the bag.
He also talks a big game about putting America first. Well, please explain what part of "America first" leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado, Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan, Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio, Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin?
Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again. Well, he could start by actually making things in America again.
Now, the choice we face in this election is just as stark when it comes to our national security.
You know, anyone드nyonereading the news can see the threats and turbulence we face, from Baghdad to Kabul to Nice and Paris and Brussels, from San Bernardino to Orlando. We're dealing with determined enemies that must be defeated.
So it's no wonder that people are anxious and looking for reassurance, looking for steady leadership, wanting a leader who understands we are stronger when we work with our allies around the world and care for our veterans here at home.
Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority. I'm proud that we've put a lid on Iran's nuclear program without firing a single shot.
Now we have to enforce it. And we must keep supporting Israel's security.
I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments, including ourselves.
And I'm proud to stand by our allies in NATO against any threat they face, including from Russia.
I've laid out my strategy for defeating ISIS. We will strike their sanctuaries from the air and support local forces taking them out on the ground. We will surge our intelligence so we detect and prevent attacks before they happen. We will disrupt their efforts online to reach and radicalize young people in our country.
It won't be easy or quick, but make no mistake we will prevail.
Now, Donald Trump, Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, "I know more about ISIS than the generals do." No, Donald, you don't.
He thinks he knows more than our military because he claimed our armed forces are a disaster.
Well, I've had the privilege to work closely with our troops and our veterans for many years, including as a senator on the Armed Services Committee, and I know how wrong he is. Our military is a national treasure. We entrust our commander in chief to make the hardest decisions our nation faces, decisions about war and peace, life and death. A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country...including Captain Khan and the sons of Tim Kaine and Mike Pence, both Marines.
So just ask yourself, do you really think Donald Trump has the temperament to be commander in chief? Donald Trump can't even handle the rough and tumble of a presidential campaign. He loses his cool at the slightest provocation, when he's gotten a tough question from a reporter, when he's challenged in a debate, when he sees a protester at a rally. Imagine, if you dare, imagine, imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis.
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons!
I can't put it any better than Jackie Kennedy did after the Cuban Missile Crisis. She said that what worried President Kennedy during that very dangerous time was that a war might be started not by big men with selfcontrol and restraint, but by little men, the ones moved by fear and pride.
America's strength doesn't come from lashing out. It relies on smarts, judgment, cool resolve and the precise and strategic application of power. And that's the kind of commander in chief I pledge to be.
And if we're serious about keeping our country safe, we also can't afford to have a president who's in the pocket of the gun lobby.
I'm not here to repeal the Second Amendment. I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.
We will work tirelessly with responsible gun owners to pass common sense reforms and keep guns out of the hands of criminals, terrorists and all others who would do us harm.
You know, for decades people have said this issue was too hard to solve and the politics too hot to touch. But I ask you, how can we just stand by and do nothing? You heard, you saw family members of people killed by gun violence, on this stage. You heard, you saw family members of police officers killed in the line of duty because they were outgunned by criminals.
I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country, not just on guns, but on race, immigration and more.
And that starts with listening, listening to each other, trying as best we can to walk in each other's shoes. So let's put ourselves in the shoes of young black and Latino men and women who face the effects of systemic racism and are made to feel like their lives are disposable!
Let's put ourselves in the shoes of police officers kissing their kids and spouses goodbye every day, heading off to do a dangerous and necessary job. We will reform our criminal justice system from end to end and rebuild trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve.
And we will defend all our rights, civil rights, human rights and voting rights, women's rights and workers' rights, LGBT rights and the rights of people with disabilities.
And we will stand up against mean and divisive rhetoric wherever it comes from. You know, for the past year many people made the mistake of laughing off Donald Trump's comments, excusing him as an entertainer just putting on a show.
They thought he couldn't possibly mean all the horrible things he says. Like when he called women pigs, or said that an American judge couldn't be fair because of his Mexican heritage, or when he mocks and mimics a reporter with a disability or insults prisoners of war, like John McCain, a hero and a patriot who deserves our respect.
Now, at first, at first, I admit, I couldn't he meant it either. It was just too hard to fathom that someone who wants to lead our nation could say those things, could be like that. But here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump, this is it.
And in the end, it comes down to what Donald Trump doesn't get: America is great because America is good!
So enough with the bigotry and the bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, he's offering empty promises. And what are we offering? A bold agenda to improve the lives of people across our country to keep you safe, to get you good jobs, to get your kids the opportunities they deserve.
The choice is clear, my friends. Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer and stronger. None of us ever have or can do it alone. I know that at a time when so much seems to be pulling us apart, it can be hard to imagine how we'll ever pull together. But I'm here to tell you tonight progress is possible. I know because I've seen it in the lives of people across America who get knocked down and get right back up.
And I know it from my own life. More than a few times I've had to pick myself up and get back in the game.
Like so much else in my life, I got this from my mother, too. She never let me back down from any challenge. When I tried to hide from a neighborhood bully, she literally blocked the door, go back out there, she said. And she was right.
You have to stand up to bullies. You have to keep working to make things better, even when the odds are long and the opposition is fierce.
We lost our mother a few years ago, but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right no matter what. That's what we need to do together as a nation.
And though we may not live to see the glory, as the song from the musical "Hamilton" goes, let us gladly join the fight, let our legacy be about planting seeds in a garden you never get to see. That's why we're here, not just in this hall, but on this earth. The Founders showed us that and so have many others since. They were drawn together by love of country and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow.
That is the story of America. And we begin a new chapter tonight.
Yes, the world is watching what we do. Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose. So let's be stronger together, my fellow Americans!
Let's look to the future with courage and confidence. Let's build a better tomorrow for our beloved children and our beloved country. And when we do, America will be greater than ever!
Thank you, and may God bless you and the United States of America!늆hank you. Thank you so much. I am so thrilled to be back in Reno! Thank you.
I have to say though, I know when I뇴 back here in Reno, I뇴 the other Hillary, and I am more than okay with that, because I think your mayor is doing a terrific job. The fact that she herself is a small business woman and really committed to really lifting up Reno and giving everybody in this great city, the biggest little city with a great heart, a chance to get ahead and stay ahead. I could not be more honored than to have her support and endorsement in this race, so thank you.
Let me also thank Dr. Karen Hilersin and others at Truckee Meadows Community College.
I love community colleges and I know something about what this college is doing to give people of all ages, not just young people, a real chance to get the skills and opportunities that everyone in America deserves, so thank you.
Now I have to begin by saying my original plan for this visit was to focus on our agenda to help small businesses and entrepreneurs. This week we proposed new steps to cut red tape and taxes, to make it easier for small businesses to get the credit they need to grow and hire. I want to be a small business president. My father was a small businessman. And I believe that in America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.
We뇳l be talking a lot more small business and about our economic plans in the days and weeks ahead.
But today, here in this community college devoted to opening minds and creating great understanding in this world and the place we live. I want to address something I hear from Americans all over our country. Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election. I understand that concern because it뇹 like nothing we뇼e heard before from a nominee for President of the United States from one of our two major parties.
From the start, Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. He is taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over the Republican party. His disregard for the values that make our country great is profoundly dangerous.
In just the past week, under the guise of 늞utreach to African Americans, Trump has stood up in front of largely white audiences and described black communities in such insulting and ignorant terms. 늃overty. Rejection. Horrible education. No housing. No homes. No ownership. Crime at levels nobody has seen. Right now, he said, 늧ou walk down the street and get shot. Those are his words.
But when I hear them, I think to myself how sad. Donald Trump misses so much, he doesn뇺 see. This is a man who clearly doesn뇺 know about Black America and doesn뇺 care about Black America.
Donald Trump misses so much. He doesn뇺 see the success of black leaders in every field, the vibrancy of the blackowned businesses, or the strength of the black church. He doesn뇺 see the excellence of historically black colleges and universities or the pride of black parents watching their children thrive. He apparently didn뇺 see Police Chief Brown on television after the murder of five of his officers conducting himself with such dignity.
And he certainly doesn뇺 have any solutions to take on the reality of systemic racism and create more equity and opportunity in communities of color and for every American.
It really does take a lot of nerve to ask people he뇹 ignored and mistreated for decades, 늉hat do you have to lose? Because the answer is everything.
Now, Trump뇹 lack of knowledge or experience or solutions would be bad enough. But what he뇹 doing here is more sinister. Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
It뇹 a disturbing preview of what kind of President he뇫 be.
And that뇹 what I want to make clear today: A man with a long history of racial discrimination, who traffics in dark conspiracy theories drawn from the pages of supermarket tabloids and the far, dark reaches of the internet, should never run our government or command our military. Ask yourself, if he doesn뇺 respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans?
Now, I know that some people still want to give Trump the benefit of the doubt. They hope that he will eventually reinvent himself  that there뇹 a kinder, gentler, more responsible Donald Trump waiting in the wings somewhere.
Because after all, it뇹 hard to believe anyone  let alone a nominee for president  could really believe all the things he says.
But here뇹 the hard truth, there is no other Donald Trump. This is it.
And Maya Angelou, a great American who I admire very much, she once said: 늉hen someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. Well, throughout his career and this campaign, Donald Trump has shown us exactly who he is. And I think we should believe him.
When he was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants. Their applications would be marked with a 뉶  뉶 for 늒olored  and then rejected. Three years later, the Justice Department took Trump back to court because he hadn뇺 changed.
And the pattern continued through the decades.
State regulators fined one of Trump뇹 casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor. No wonder the turnover rate for his minority employees was way above average.
And let뇹 not forget that Trump first gained political prominence leading the charge for the socalled 뉵irthers. He promoted the racist lie that President Obama is not really an American citizen  part of a sustained effort to delegitimize America뇹 first black President.
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for President with another racist lie. He described Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals. And he accused the Mexican government of actively sending them across the border. None of that is true.
Oh, and by the way, by the way, Mexico뇹 not paying for his wall either. If he ever tries to get it built, the American taxpayer will pay for it. We뇳l be stuck with the bill.
But there has been a steady stream of bigotry coming from him.
We all remember when Trump said a distinguished federal judge born in Indiana couldn뇺 be trusted to do his job because, quote, 뉻e뇹 a Mexican. Think about that. The man who today is the standard bearer of the Republican Party said a federal judge, who by the way, had a distinguished career, who had to go into hiding because Mexican drug gangs were after him, who has Mexican heritage but who just like me was born in this country, is somehow incapable solely because of his heritage. Even the Republican Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, described that as 늢he textbook definition of a racist comment.
To this day, Trump has never apologized to Judge Curiel.
But for Trump, that is just par for the course.
This is someone who retweets white supremacists online, like the user who goes by the name 능hitegenocideTM. Trump took this fringe bigot with a few dozen followers and spread his message to 11 million people.
His campaign famously posted an antiSemitic image  a Star of David imposed over a sea of dollar bills  that first appeared on white supremacist websites.
The Trump campaign has also selected a prominent white nationalist leader as a delegate in California. And they only dropped him under pressure.
When asked in a nationally televised interview whether he would disavow the support of David Duke, a former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, Trump wouldn뇺 do it. Only later, again under mounting pressure, did he backtrack.
And when Trump was asked about antiSemitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.
Through it all, he has continued pushing discredited conspiracy theories with racist undertones.
You remember, he said that thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks. They didn뇺.
He suggested that Senator Ted Cruz뇹 father was involved in the Kennedy assassination. Perhaps in Trump뇹 mind, because Mr. Cruz was a Cuban immigrant, he must have had something to do with it. And there is absolutely, of course, no evidence of that.
Just recently, Trump claimed that President Obama founded ISIS. And then he repeated that over and over again.
His latest paranoid fever dream is about my health. All I can say is, Donald, dream on.
But, but my friends but my friends, this is what happens when you treat the National Enquirer like Gospel. They said in October I뇫 be dead in six months.
It뇹 also what happens when you listen to the radio host Alex Jones, who claims that 9/11 and the Oklahoma City bombings were inside jobs. He even said, and this really is just so disgusting, he even said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there. I don뇺 know what actually happens in somebody뇹 mind or how dark their heart must be, to say something like that.
But Trump didn뇺 challenge those lies. He went on Jones show and said, 늋our reputation is amazing. I will not let you down.
This from the man who wants to be President of the United States.
I뇼e stood by President Obama뇹 side as he made the toughest decisions a CommanderinChief has to make. In times of crisis, our country depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, calm judgment, because one wrong move can mean the difference between life and death. I know we have veterans here and I know we have families  mothers and spouses and children of people who are currently serving.
The last thing we need in the Situation Room is a loose cannon who can뇺 tell the difference, or doesn뇺 care to, between fact and fiction, and who buys so easily into raciallytinged rumors. Someone so detached from reality should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come.
That is yet another reason why Donald Trump is simply temperamentally unfit to be President of the United States.
Now, I hear and I read some people who are saying that his bluster and bigotry is just overheated campaign rhetoric  an outrageous person saying outrageous things for attention. But look at his policies. The ones that Trump has proposed, they would put prejudice into practice.
And don뇺 be distracted by his latest efforts to muddy the waters. He may have some new people putting new words in his mouth, but we know where he stands.
He would form a deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country.
He뇫 abolish the bedrock constitutional principle that says if youre born in the United States, youre an American citizen. He says that children born to undocumented parents in America are 느nchor babies and should be deported. Millions of them.
He뇫 ban Muslims around the world from entering our country just because of their religion.
Think about that for a minute. How would it actually work? People landing in U.S. airports would line up to get their passports stamped, just like they do now. But in Trump뇹 America, when they step up to the counter, the immigration officer would ask every single person, 늉hat is your religion?
And then what? What if someone says, 뉼뇴 a Christian, but the agent doesn뇺 believe him? Do they have to prove it? How would they do that?
Really, ever since the Pilgrims landed on Plymouth Rock, America has distinguished itself as a haven for people fleeing religious persecution, believing in religious freedom and religious liberty. Under Donald Trump, America would distinguish itself as the only country in the world to impose a religious test at the border.
Now come to think of it, there actually may be one other place that does that. The socalled Islamic State. The territory ISIS controls. What a cruel irony that someone running for President would equate us with them.
Don뇺 worry, some will say, as President, Trump will be surrounded by smart advisors who will rein in his worst impulses.
So when a tweet gets under his skin and he wants to retaliate with a cruise missile, maybe cooler heads will convince him not to.
Well, maybe.
But look at who he뇹 put in charge of his campaign.
Trump likes to say he only hires the 늑est people. But he뇹 had to fire so many campaign managers it뇹 like an episode from the Apprentice. And the latest shakeup was designed to  quote  뉿et Trump be Trump. So to do that, he hired Stephen Bannon, the head of a rightwing website, called Breitbart.com, as campaign CEO.
Now to give you a flavor of his work, here are a few headlines they뇼e published. And I뇴 not making this up.
뉵irth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Crazy.
늉ould You Rather Your Child Had Feminism or Cancer?
뉺abby Giffords: The Gun Control Movement뇹 Human Shield
뉻oist It High And Proud: The Confederate Flag Proclaims A Glorious Heritage.
That one came shortly after the Charleston massacre, when Democrats and Republicans alike were doing everything they could to heal racial divides that Breitbart and Bannon tried to inflame.
Just imagine  Donald Trump reading that and thinking: 늢his is what I need more of in my campaign.
Now Bannon has nasty things to say about pretty much everyone. This spring, he railed against Speaker Paul Ryan for, quote rubbing his socialjustice Catholicism in my nose every second. No wonder he뇹 gone to work for Trump  the only Presidential candidate ever to get into a public feud with the Pope.
It뇹 truly hard to believe, but according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, Breitbart embraces 늘deas on the extremist fringe of the conservative right. This is not conservatism as we have known it, this is not Republicanism as we have know it. These are racist ideas. Racebaiting ideas. AntiMuslim, antiImmigrant, antiwomen 둤 all key tenets making up an emerging racist ideology known as the 네ltRight.
Now, AltRight is short for 뉴lternative Right. The Wall Street Journal describes it as a loose, but organized movement, mostly online, that rejects mainstream conservatism, promotes nationalism and views immigration and multiculturalism as threats to white identity.
So the de facto merger between Breitbart and the Trump Campaign represents a landmark achievement for this group. A fringe element has effectively taken over the Republican Party.
This is part of a broader story  the rising tide of hardline, rightwing nationalism around the world.
Just yesterday, one of Britain뇹 most prominent rightwing leaders, a man named, Nigel Farage, who stoked antiimmigrant sentiments to win the referendum to have Britain leave the European Union, campaigned with Donald Trump in Mississippi.
Farage has called for the bar of legal immigrants from public school and health services. Has said women, and I quote, 느re worth less than men, and supports scrapping laws that prevent employers from discriminating based on race. That뇹 who Donald Trump wants by his side when he is addressing an audience of American voters.
And the grand godfather of this global brand of extreme nationalism is Russian President Vladimir Putin. In fact, Farage regularly appears on Russian propaganda programs. Now he뇹 standing on the same stage as the Republican nominee. Trump himself heaps praise on Putin and embraces proRussian policies. He talks casually of abandoning our NATO allies, recognizing Russia뇹 annexation of Crimea, giving the Kremlin a free hand in Eastern Europe. American Presidents from Truman, to Reagan, to Bush and Clinton, to Obama, have rejected the kind of approach Trump is taking on Russia. And we should, too.
All of this adds up to something we have never seen before. Of course there뇹 always been a paranoid fringe in our politics, a lot of it rising from racial resentment. But it뇹 never had the nominee of a major party stoking it, encouraging it, and giving it a national megaphone. Until now.
On David Duke뇹 radio show the other day, the mood was jubilant. 늉e appear to have taken over the Republican Party, one white supremacist said. Duke laughed. 늁o, there뇹 still more work to do, he replied.
So no one should have any illusions about what뇹 really going on here. The names may have changed. Racists now call themselves racialists. White supremacists now call themselves 능hite nationalists. The paranoid fringe now calls itself 느ltright. But the hate burns just as bright.
And now Trump is trying to rebrand himself as well. But don뇺 be fooled.
There뇹 an old Mexican proverb that says 늆ell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.
But we know who Trump is. A few words on a teleprompter won뇺 change that.
He says he wants to 늜ake America great again, but more and more it seems as though his real message seems to be 늀ake America hate again.
And this isn뇺 just about one election. It뇹 about who we are as a nation. It뇹 about the kind of example we want to set for our children and grandchildren.
Next time you see Trump rant on television, think about all the children listening across America. Kids hear a lot more than we think.
Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the 늆rump Effect. They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslims, and immigrants. At a recent high school basketball game in Indiana, white students held up Trump signs and taunted Latino players on the opposing team with chants of 뉵uild the wall! and 늅peak English. After a similar incident in Iowa, one frustrated school principal said, 늆hey see it in a presidential campaign and now it뇹 OK for everyone to say this.
We wouldn뇺 tolerate this kind of behavior before and we wouldn뇺 tolerate it in our own homes. And we shouldn뇺 stand for it in a presidential candidate.
My friends, this is a moment of reckoning for every Republican dismayed that the Party of Lincoln has become the Party of Trump. It뇹 a moment of reckoning for all of us who love our country and believe that America is better than this.
Twenty years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits in the convention hall and told any racists in the Party to get out.
The week after 9/11, George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims 늛ove America just as much as I do.
In 2008, John McCain told his own supporters that they were wrong about the man he was trying to defeat. Senator McCain made sure they knew  Barack Obama, he said, is an American citizen and 느 decent person.
We need that kind of leadership again.
We can have our disagreements, and believe me, I understand that. I think that뇹 healthy. We need good debates, but we need to do it in a respectful way, not finger pointing and blaming, and stirring up this bigotry and prejudice.
Every day, more Americans are standing up and saying 는nough is enough  including a lot of Republicans. And I am honored to have their support in this campaign.
And I promise you this: with your help, I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. For those who vote for me and for those who vote against me. I will be a president for all Americans.
Because I truly believe we are stronger together.
This is a vision for the future rooted in our values and reflected in a rising generation of young people. The young people in america today are the most open, diverse, and connected generation we have ever seen.
How many of you saw any of the Olympics? Right? I was so proud, I always get so carried away whenever the Olympics are on. And you look at the diversity of our athletes  look at our fabulous Olympic team representing the United Stated of America. Ibtihaj Muhammad, an AfricanAmerican Muslim from New Jersey, won the bronze medal in fencing with grace and skill. Would she even have a place in Donald Trump뇹 America?
And I will tell you, when I was growing up, in so many parts of our country, Simone Manuel wouldn뇺 have been allowed to swim in the same public pool as Katie Ledecky. And now together on our swimming team theyre winning Olympic medals as teammates.
I don뇺 know about you, but I don뇺 think we have a person to waste. We want to build an America where everyone has a place. Where if you work hard and do your part you can get ahead and stay ahead. That뇹 the basic bargain of America. And we cannot get to where we need to be, unless we move forward together and stand up against prejudice and paranoia. And prove, again, that America is great because America is good.
Thank you all so very much, let뇹 go out and win the election. God bless you and God bless the United States of America.댑It뇹 great to be here with your governor. I am such a fan of Governor Hickenlooper for a lot of reasons, but one of the main reasons is because he does understand how we could create more jobs, and what뇹 happened here in Colorado under his leadership proves that. And he has used his own experience as a small businessman who grew a business and was successful not to turn his back on what it took but to try to help more people get the tools they need to start those businesses, to grow those businesses. And what a stark contrast with Donald Trump who has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay his bills to small businesses.
And I got to tell you, I take that really personally. My father was a small businessman, I mean really small??nothing as successful as the governor뇹 enterprises??he printed fabrics to turn them into draperies and it was hard work. And I cannot imagine what it would have been like for my dad who stood at that long table and took a silk screen and put it down and then put paint into it, then took a squeegee and went across and then lifted it up and went down and went down over and over again and finally got the fabric printed, and then folded it up, and then loaded it into his car to take it to where it had been ordered from whether it was a restaurant, a hotel, any other business, an office building. I cannot image what that would have felt like for my father, a Navy veteran, a chief petty officer during World War II??to have done his part, to have fulfilled his contract and then be told were not going to pay you.
Now, when I first started hearing those stories about small businesses, I thought, well, maybe it happened once or twice. But no, my friends, it happened over and over again. Donald Trump would not pay people who did work, painters and plumbers and glass installers and marble installers and architects. We now have a very long list. What kind of man does business by hurting other people? I am just so, so determined that we are not going to let him do to America what he has done to so many other people.
I want to also recognize your congressman, Congressman Ed Perlmutter. Thank you, Ed, for being here. I want to thank your principal of this great high school, principal Thompson. Thank you. And I want to thank a great man from Colorado, someone I had the distinct honor of serving with in the United States Senate and then serving with in the Obama Administration, and that is Ken Salazar. I뇳l tell you, you will not find a better person, someone who is always thinking about what he can do to help somebody else, and I for one am grateful for his friendship.
Now, when I think about our convention last week??did any of you see it? Well, what we tried to do was to make clear that were not satisfied with where we are in the country, but we think we know how to make progress together. We think we can put into effect a jobs program that will create millions of new jobs with rising incomes, and here뇹 what were going to do. Were going to have the biggest infrastructure investment program since World War II. And if you look, our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, our ports, our airports, our water systems, theyre all in need. They all should be repaired. We have people who are driving long distances and spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars every year because of problems with the potholes or with the lack of maintenance. We have people scared about the bridges in their counties. They don뇺 have much choice, but they shouldn뇺 have to worry about whether they can get across or not. So were going to make investments that will make America grow our economy, put people to work, and position us better to actually be competitive around the world. But there뇹 a lot of infrastructure that you can뇺 necessarily see that we want to work on. We need a modern electric grid that can take clean, renewable energy??and distribute it everywhere across America.
And here뇹 the other thing we need. We need to connect every community, no matter how isolated, how rural, how innercity poor, no matter where it is, every community needs to be connected to broadband internet access.
This is a competitive issue. How are we going to help small businesses that don뇺 have access? When I was in Pennsylvania a few days ago and I said that, I had a man tell me afterwards, he said, 넹ell, you have no idea how bad it is in rural parts of Pennsylvania. We still have dial up, and a lot of time that doesn뇺 even work. And then I told folks that I뇫 been talking to some teachers??you know I love teachers??and I뇴 going to support our teachers. But here is what the teachers told me. They said there had recently been a national survey asking teachers about different things they do in the classroom and the like, and 70 percent of teachers said that they assign homework to their students that requires the students to go on the internet. Now, I think that뇹 great because we want our kids to be ready for the jobs of the future and that means they뇼e got to understand how to learn and find information. But here뇹 the rub: 5 million kids in America don뇺 have access to internet in their homes. So you know what? We are leaving those kids behind while theyre still in elementary and secondary schools. That is wrong. Were going to make sure America, which invented the internet, is the most connected country in the world.
And here뇹 what else were going to do: I뇴 going to support advanced manufacturing, manufacturing of all kinds. Because I believe that we뇼e got a real opportunity to bring manufacturing back. I visited a place called Johnstown Wire Technologies in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. They started more than 100 years ago as a steel mill. Now theyre making all kinds of wire products, and theyre starting to bring jobs back from China??to do that work in America.
Now, when Donald Trump is asked about where he makes things, he makes them anywhere else but America. His ties, his suits, his shirts, his furniture, his barware??made all over the world. Bangladesh, Turkey, Slovenia, Mexico. And when asked about that, he said, well, we don뇺 make that stuff in America. Well, I뇴 here to tell you: Donald, youre wrong.
And here뇹 how I know. I know he뇹 wrong because I뇼e been collecting information and visiting places that actually do make these things in America. Just today I went to the Knotty Tie Company. And I met folks living right here in Denver who are making ties and scarves. I hope you like this one because I got it at Knotty just a few hours ago. I just got interviewed by one of the local newscasters, and first thing he said to me??he didn뇺 even know this was from Knotty??he said, 넶hat뇹 a beautiful scarf. He said, 넶hat looks like it뇹 got Colorado colors. And in fact, one thing I really like about it, is printed right here on the scarf, it says 녌ade in Colorado, not China.
So I got so into this that we now have a website??went public today??called hillaryclinton.com/makeithere. And you can go on the website and you can see about 100 places around America where Donald could have made ties, shirts, suits, furniture, barware, right here in America. And I hope that more people will start making things here in America again.
So we are going to work to grow the economy, and I look often at Denver and Colorado as examples. And it뇹 another one of the reasons why I admire your governor??the transit system in Denver??combined with the new airport connecting not only Denver to the airport, but other places in the region, is growing this economy. And very importantly, it뇹 attracting a lot of young people who want to be able to quickly move from work to home to entertainment and everything else.
So we see this happening in lots of places. And so when people say to me, 넫ey, we can뇺 do that in America, I say, 넬 don뇺 know which America you뇼e been looking at. In fact, I couldn뇺 figure out what country the Republican convention was talking about. A negative, pessimistic view of America??that is not who we are. Do we have challenges? Sure. But can we meet them? Absolutely. We are truly stronger together, and that뇹 what were going to be doing. Now in addition to growing the economy, we뇼e got to make it fairer. And I feel very strongly about this. We뇼e got to make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.
So we are going to make these investments. We are going to invest more in education, starting with preschool education. We are going to train 50,000 teachers so that they can teach computer science in junior high and high school. We are going to make college debt free so that everybody can afford to go. And were going to make community college free so you can get the skills you need for the jobs of today and tomorrow.
And I want to say something really serious about this. John and I have talked about this a lot. Look, I think it뇹 great; everybody who wants to go to college should be able to afford to go to college. Anybody with student debt??were going to help you refinance the debt, because in America, if Donald Trump can plead bankruptcy six times and refinance his debts, American students and families ought to be able to refinance their debts.
But my friends, I do not believe that a fouryear college education is the only path that we should have to a good job with a rising standard of living. That뇹 why I want more technical education back in our high schools. That뇹 why I want more apprenticeship programs in business and unions. I get very excited about this, because there are more than a million jobs right now waiting to be filled, by machinists and tool and die makers, by people with real skills??coders who can get a good job. When I was at Johnstown Wire Technology, it뇹 a unionized plant. U.S. Steelworkers represent that plant뇹 workers. And they get some people already trained, and then the union and management train others. And the average salary is over $70,000 a year. We are also going to raise the national minimum wage because no one who works fulltime should still be living in poverty. And I뇳l tell you the fastest way we can raise incomes in America is to guarantee equal pay for women뇹 work. And I am very??I뇴 encouraged. When I started talking about this more than a year ago, I could see kind of quizzical looks out in the audience. And then I realized I뇼e got to explain this is not just a woman뇹 issue. If you have a working mother, wife, daughter, or sister, it뇹 your issue.
You see, I get pretty excited about what were going to do. I believe with all my heart that America뇹 best years are still ahead of us. Now, that doesn뇺 mean that I think it뇹 going to be easy. But I know were up to the job. I just know we are. I have no doubt about that. And were also up to the responsibility of leading the world toward peace and prosperity as well. There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified to be president and unfit to be commanderinchief. Anyone who spends his time insulting our military, demeaning the service of our POWs and our fallen soldiers, insulting Gold Star families, this is not someone who understands the honor, the duty of serving America. I am so grateful to every single person who has ever put on the uniform of the United States military. And it worries me, some of what I hear him say. I mean, anyone who can be provoked by a tweet should not be anywhere near nuclear weapons.
And I want to??I want to say a special word about something that뇹 important here in Colorado. It뇹 important in the West. And that is we have a responsibility to protect our public lands in America. The outdoor economy, the recreational economy is so important to so many places here in Colorado and elsewhere throughout the West. And I couldn뇺 believe that Trump has basically gone along with what they put into the Republican platform that would disrupt and take back public lands that are really held in trust for all of us. So I want you to know as president, I will defend and protect America뇹 public lands and our conservation.
So were really having a good time in this campaign. And we want everybody to join. I said in my speech on Thursday night I want to be the president for all Americans: Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. I want to work for the struggling, the striving, and the successful. I want more people to be lifted up to follow their own dreams. So here뇹 what I hope you will do. I hope you will join our campaign. And here in Colorado, if you text CO to 47246, you can get involved or go to our website at hillaryclinton.com. And we are hiring organizers here in Colorado.
We are also setting a goal of registering three million more American citizens to vote in November. So make sure youre registered. Look for your mail ballot in October. And talk to your friends, your neighbors, your colleagues.
I believe that we are at a crossroads election. I뇼e laid out the best I could, the specific plans and ideas that I want to pursue as your president because I have this oldfashioned idea. When you run for president, you ought to tell people what you want to do as their president. And I have also told you because I want you to hold me accountable. I will get up every single day and work hard for you and fight for you. And I will fight to preserve our rights, whether they are civil rights or human rights or women뇹 rights or gay rights or voters rights or workers rights. And I will take on the gun lobby for common sense gun safety reform.
One of the??one of the things I said Thursday night, which I will repeat here because I want you to know this, I do not want to repeal the Second Amendment. I do not want to take anyone뇹 gun away. I just don뇺 want you to get shot by somebody who shouldn뇺 have a gun in the first place.
So we뇼e got great work to do, and I뇴 excited about doing it with you because I do want you to know what I want to do as your president, to weigh that. It뇹 like a big job interview. Youre hearing from two people that you might hire. And I, frankly, think it뇹 better for us to have an economy where you hear 넻oure hired, instead of 넻oure fired.
So, Colorado, let뇹 get to work. Let뇹 win in November. And let뇹 make sure we build an American future that we all could be part of. Thank you, and God bless you.Good afternoon.
I am delighted to have this great honor of being here and having this opportunity to address you. I want to thank the national commander  thank you, Commander Barnett.
I want to thank Verna Jones, your executive director, and Dewey Mothe , commander. And I want to thank a longtime friend and adviser to me, someone whom I am very grateful to, and that is your national treasurer George Buskirk.
Most of all, thanks to you, all the legionnaires here and across America. Thanks for your service in our armed forces. You wore the uniform. You took an oath. You put your life on the line to protect the greatest country on Earth.
There are some who may argue with that, but not around me.
When you came home, you joined the American Legion and by doing so, you kept serving. Just look at what the Legion does. You care for wounded warriors. You help raise the next generation of American patriots. I want to give a special shout out to Boys Nation, which meant so much to my husband when he was growing up.
And when I told him I was coming here today, he said you뇼e got to mention Boys Nation. I told him I would, but I also have to mention Girls Nation too.
I want to thank your auxiliary, the world뇹 largest women뇹 patriotic service organization.
I was honored to receive the auxiliary뇹 public spirit award in 1997. And I have great admiration for the work you do. As a daughter of a veteran, as a proud American, I am grateful to you all. Now I뇴 not going to talk a lot about politics today, but I do want to say this. Whoever America elects this fall, won뇺 just be our next president, that person will be our next commander in chief. And every person in this room understands how great a responsibility that is.
Now I know some of you are Democrats and some of you are Republicans and some of you are Independents. I suppose there are some of you who뇼e never voted for a Democrat before. I get that. My dad was a rock red Republican, but I learned at our dinner table that we can disagree without being disagreeable.
I want you to know, if I am fortunate enough to win this election. I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, independents, for people who vote for me, for people who don뇺, for all Americans. That is what I think we need. We need to unify our country and go forward into the future with confidence and optimism.
Today I want you to know a little bit about where I stand and how I see the world and America뇹 place in it. I spent four years as your Secretary of State, eight years before that as Senator from the great state of New York, six years on the Senate Armed Services Committee. If there뇹 one core belief that has guided and inspired me every step of the way, it is this. The United States is an exceptional nation. I believe we are still Lincoln뇹 last, best hope of Earth. Were still Reagan뇹 shining city on a hill. Were still Robert Kennedy뇹 great, unselfish, compassionate country.
And it뇹 not just that we have the greatest military or that our economy is larger than any on Earth. It뇹 also the strength of our values, the strength of the American people. Everyone who works harder, dreams bigger and never, ever stops trying to make our country and the world a better place. And part of what makes America an exceptional nation, is that we are also an indispensable nation.
In fact, we are the indispensable nation. People all over the world look to us and follow our lead. My friends, we are so lucky to be Americans. It is an extraordinary blessing. It뇹 why so many people, from so many places, want to be Americans too. But it뇹 also a serious responsibility. The decisions we make and the actions we take, even the actions we don뇺 take, affect millions even billions of lives.
You know that; you뇼e seen it.
Now all of this may seem evident, especially to men and women who have worn the uniform. You may wonder how anyone could disagree.
But, in fact, my opponent in this race has said very clearly that he thinks American exceptionalism is insulting to the rest of the world. In fact, when Vladimir Putin, of all people, criticized American exceptionalism, my opponent agreed with him, saying, and I quote, 늘f youre in Russia, you don뇺 want to hear that America is exceptional. Well maybe you don뇺 want to hear it, but that doesn뇺 mean it뇹 not true.
My opponent misses something important. When we say America is exceptional, it doesn뇺 mean that people from other places don뇺 feel deep national pride, just like we do. It means that we recognize America뇹 unique and unparalleled ability to be a force for peace and progress, a champion for freedom and opportunity. Our power comes with a responsibility to lead, humbly, thoughtfully, and with a fierce commitment to our values.
Because, when America fails to lead, we leave a vacuum that either causes chaos or other countries or networks rush in to fill the void. So no matter how hard it gets, no matter how great the challenge, America must lead. The question is how we lead. What kind of ideas, strategies, and tactics we bring to our leadership. American leadership means standing with our allies because our network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional.
No other country in the world has alliances like ours. Russia and China have nothing close. We stand with our allies because generations of American troops fought and died to secure those bonds, and because they deliver for us every day. Our allies share intelligence on terrorists. They provide staging areas for our military so we can respond quickly to events on the other side of the world. Other nations soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines often fight side by side with ours.
Some of you may have served and fought alongside men and women from other countries. You say them in action. You know how important these bonds are to our security. Threatening to walk away from our alliances, ignoring the importance that they still are to us, is not only wrong, it뇹 dangerous. If I뇴  if I뇴 your President, our friends will always know America will have your backs, and we expect you to have ours. American leadership means bringing the world together to solve global problems, as only we can. The United States built the international coalition against ISIS. Now were working with partners to take back territory and defeat them without getting drawn in to a ground war. We brought the world together to impose sanctions on Iran and secure a deal that puts a lid on Iran뇹 nuclear program, without firing a single shot.
You don뇺 build a coalition by insulting our friends or acting like a loose cannon. You do it by putting in the slow, hard work of building relationships. Getting countries working together was my job every day as your secretary of state. It뇹 more than a photo op. It takes consistency and reliability.
Actually, it뇹 just like building personal relationships. People have to get to know that they can count on you; that you won뇺 say one thing one day and something totally different the next.
And it certainly takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults and insinuations by dropping in on our neighbors for a few hours and then flying home again. That is not how it works.
American leadership means leading with our values in pursuance of our interests, in protection of our security. At our best the United States is the global force for freedom, justice and human dignity. We celebrate our diversity.
As a source of national strength, just look at our armed forces which represents all races, religions, ethnicities and yes, immigrants from other countries all fighting for the red, white and blue. We stand up to regimes that abuse human rights. We stand up for religious and ethnic minorities, for women, for people with disabilities and we comport ourselves with honor. There뇹 no better proof of that than what our Navy SEALs did during the raid to kill Osama bin Laden.
I was deeply honored to be part of that small group advising the president. I brought to those discussions my experience as a senator from New York on 9/11. And my commitment to do whatever I could in whatever role I had to bring bin Laden to justice.
You뇼e all seen the picture of us crowded into the smaller situation room watching the video screen, every second counted. One of the copters misgauged how high the wall was around the courtyard, clipped the tail, getting disabled. It didn뇺 stop the SEALs from rushing out, getting into the compound, returning fire against bin Laden뇹 body guards, taking on his adult son and finally bin Laden himself.
But the SEALs knew that they had to destroy the helicopter before they left. I was holding my breath through the entire operation because at anytime Pakistani soldiers could have arrived. This compound was in a military garrisoned city, actually the home of their military academy. So yes, every second counted, but still our SEALs took the time to move the women and children, bin Laden뇹 family members, to safety before destroying the helicopter. That is what honor looks like, that is America at our best.
Maybe the soldiers of other nations wouldn뇺 have bothered, or maybe they뇫 have taken revenge on those family members of terrorists, but that is not who we are. And anyone who doesn뇺 understand that doesn뇺 understand what makes our nation great.
And let me say something else about American greatness, there뇹 no question we face real threats and real enemies that we need to confront and defeat. But my opponent is wrong when he says America is no longer great. Consider the record of the past either years.
In 2009 our global economy was collapsing, Osama bin Laden was plotting, we had more than 180,000 troops fighting two wars, Iran was racing toward a nuclear weapon, many of our allies were less supportive of American leadership than they had been in decades.
Look where we are now. We have pulled the global economy out of freefall thanks to the hard work and sacrifice of the American people. We have redeployed well over 100,000 troops from Iraq and Afghanistan so they can go home, rest, and train for future contingencies.
We cut off Iran뇹 path to a nuclear weapon. We convinced Russia to reduce their nuclear weapons arsenal. We protected our ally Israel, and we brought Osama bin Laden to justice. We did that. We Americans did all of that, working together across party lines.
And there is no question, we have more work to do, but let뇹 be clear  we are stronger together. And it will be my goal if I am fortunate enough to be your president, to bring people back together again, to set our goals and move forward to achieve them.
I know that we can뇺 cozy up to dictators. We have to stand up to them. We can뇺 contain ISIS, we must defeat them, and we will. We will do whatever is necessary for as long as it takes to bring them to justice, and end their reign of terror once and for all.
This election is about how to make things better. Now make no mistake, I believe we do have better days ahead. But things could also get worse: If more countries get nuclear weapons, if we abandon our allies, if our CommanderinChief orders our military to break the laws and commit torture or murder terrorists family members. That is why it is so critical we get this right.
And let me underscore what I have said throughout this campaign, we must only send our troops into harm뇹 way as a last resort, not a first choice. That must be our bedrock principle.
But we must be able to act decisively on our own when we need to. I completely reject anyone, including my opponent, who calls the American military, and I quote, 느 disaster. That is an insult to the men and women serving today and all who have served before who put their lives on the line. It뇹 just not true. We do have more work to do to continue to have the strongest, most effective military in the world. I know this is something that matters a great deal to everyone in this room.
And here is what we have to do. We cannot lose our military edge, and that means giving the Pentagon the stable, predictable funding it needs to make smart investments.
You뇼e heard of a sequester, the arbitrary caps that Congress has imposed on our entire government for the past several years.
Look, I am all for cutting the fat out of the budget and making sure we stretch our dollars. I am proud of the fact that when my husband left office, we had a balanced budget and a surplus. And I hope that someday we can get back to doing that.
But we cannot impose arbitrary limits on something as important as our military. That makes no sense at all. The sequester makes our country less secure. Let뇹 end it and get a budget deal that supports America뇹 military, our families, and our country.
And let뇹 make reform a priority so that the Defense Department spends its budget on the right things. And by the way, the last thing we need is a president who brings more namecalling and temper tantrums to Washington. We뇼e got to get people listening to each other again, getting both parties actually to work together.
Let뇹 modernize our Army, and Marines, our Navy, and Air Force, our Coast Guard. We need to respond to evolving threats from states like Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea from networks, criminal and terrorist networks like ISIS. We need a military that is ready and agile so it can meet the full range of threats, and operate on short notice across every domain, not just land, sea, air and space, but also cyberspace.
We뇳l invest in new technology so new breakthrough뇹 can transform our military, just as stealth, precision weapons and advance communications did in the past.
We뇳l make a renewed push to reduce the world뇹 nuclear weapons. Because that does make us all safer. And we뇳l step up our efforts to secure nuclear material around the world and stop terrorists from acquiring or using weapons of mass destruction. One of the first things I will do as president, is to call for a new nuclear posture review. We have to make sure that America뇹 arsenal is prepared to meet future threats.
We뇳l invest in the next frontier of military engagement, protecting U.S. interests in outer space and cyberspace. You뇼e seen reports. Russia뇹 hacked into a lot of things. China뇹 hacked into a lot of things. Russia even hacked into the Democratic National Committee, maybe even some state election systems. So, we뇼e got to step up our game. Make sure we are well defended and able to take the fight to those who go after us.
As President, I will make it clear, that the United States will treat cyber attacks just like any other attack. We will be ready with serious political, economic and military responses. And were going to invest in protecting our governmental networks and our national infrastructure. I want us to lead the world in setting the rules of cyberspace.
If America doesn뇺, others will. So in short, we have to be ready to win today뇹 fights and tomorrow뇹. But you know that the most important thing isn뇺 the size of our military or the sophistication of our weapons. The most important thing is our people, the men and women who put on the uniform and serve. We need to
We need to take a hard look at our military뇹 personnel policies to make sure we are doing everything to attract and keep the best and the brightest who volunteer. We need to support not only them, but also their families.
And as President, I will never forget the debt we owe to our veterans and your families who also served. I will never, ever disrespect gold star families who뇼e made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
Or prisoners of war who endured so much in our name.
To insult them is, just so wrong. And it says a lot about the person doing the insulting. In the Senate, I worked with Republicans to increase the benefit paid to gold star families, to expand access to military health insurance, to make sure all members of the guard and reserves and their families have access to health benefits. Whether theyre deployed or training at home.
I fought successfully to amend the 2007 Defense Appropriations Act. To establish a training program for family caregivers helping loved ones with traumatic brain injuries. Senator John McCain and I joined forces to personally raise money for a state of the art rehab facility at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, to help seriously wounded service members coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Like you, I was outraged by the scandals at V.A. hospitals. People waiting for months or years for wheelchairs and basic medications. Some even dying while waiting for an appointment.
I know that you heard from Secretary McDonald and I know how hard he and his team are working. We are going to build a 21st century Department of Veterans Affairs that delivers worldclass care, and we are not going to let anyone privatize the V.A. Were going to reform and strengthen it, not privatize it.
We will ensure access to timely quality care for all of our veterans; improve care for women, who are often underserved; identify and treat all wounds of war, visible and invisible, including Agent Orange and Gulf War Syndrome, and traumatic brain injury and PTSD.
We will end the epidemic of veteran suicides by expanding access to mental health care and fighting the stigma that isolates too many of our veterans from getting the care that they need.
I feel passionately about this because I have looked into the eyes of too many family members who have lost their loved one to suicide. That뇹 why just two days ago, when I released my plan to improve mental health services for all Americans, I included a specific section about more help for veterans and their families because we know too many aren뇺 getting the help they need right now. We뇼e got to serve them, just as they served us.
We are also going to help more veterans looking for jobs, with expanded tax credits for businesses that hire veterans. More support to veterans who want to start their own businesses. And making it easier for veterans to get credit for the skills they learned while serving.
And we will crack down on forprofit schools and companies that prey on or discriminate against service members, veterans, or military families. They should be ashamed of themselves, and were going to hold them accountable.
We will also work closely with the American Legion to clean up and expedite the appeals process. Benefits should be delivered as quickly as possible, and appeals should be decided as expeditiously as possible. I thank you for the work you are doing on that.
Now a lot of what I have mentioned has support from Democrats and Republicans. Maintaining our military and caring for our veterans should never be a partisan issue. Defending American exceptionalism should always be above politics. But this is not a normal election. The debates are not the normal disagreements between Republicans and Democrats. So I hope you will listen carefully to what my opponent and I propose, consider our plans and the values behind them. And after you뇼e given us both a fair hearing, I hope you will join the growing number of Americans, Democrats, Republicans, and Independents, who are supporting our vision for the kind of future that we want for our country.
This election shouldn뇺 be about ideology. It뇹 not just about differences over policy. It truly is about who has the experience and the temperament to serve as President and CommanderinChief. Just three weeks ago 50 Republican National Security experts, who served in prior Republican administrations, wrote a letter saying that they will not vote for Donald Trump because he would be, in their words, the most reckless president in American history.
By contrast, I am deeply honored to have so many retired military leaders backing me, along with these Republican experts. I뇴 supported by people on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the debates that have defined our foreign policy for the last 30 years.
They know I believe in a bipartisan foreign policy. They know I believe we should be finding ways to bring our country together around national security, our role in the world, our values. They know they can count on me to do that. And what matters to them is that we make the right choice in November.
The stakes this fall are as high as any election in our lifetimes. So I뇴 going to keep raising these issues, keep telling people where I stand, laying out plans for what I뇫 do if elected.
I have to tell you it is a little funny to me, I get criticized for having so many plans. People say, oh there she goes with another plan about mental health, about veterans. Well I have this old fashioned idea if I뇴 asking for your vote for president I should tell you what I want to do as your president. So yes, I have laid out plans and I뇴 going to work my heart out to implement those plans. And if I win this fall no one will work harder for our troops, our veterans, and our military families.
This is personal to me, starting with my dad. His name was Hugh Rodham, he enlisted in the Navy shortly after Pearl Harbor. He became a chief petty officer at Great Lakes north of Chicago responsible for training thousands of young sailors before they shipped out to sea, mostly to the Pacific theater.
After my dad died I received letters from men who had served under him, I treasure them to this day. My father told me how emotional he got when he accompanied his trainees to the West Coast and saw those young sailors get onboard their ships. He knew some of them wouldn뇺 survive. But he believed in their cause, he believed in them, and they went to serve to protect our country. They knew their country needed them.
Over the course of the last years I뇼e also had the privilege of working with, helping and supporting so many active duty and retired military members and families. First as first lady then as senator, then as secretary of state.
Whenever I would go anywhere representing you and be privileged to meet with the men and women who serve our country. I would sit down if we had a chance and hear what was on their minds, would shake hands and take pictures, sometimes bring messages back to their loved ones. And I too knew that some of those young men and women wouldn뇺 be coming home either. It뇹 that kind of courage and honor that our men and women in uniform demonstrate every single day.
I will never forget that. And I would expect the American Legion to be my partner in the White House, to make sure I never do. You and all our veterans deserve nothing less. Our respect, our thanks, but you also deserve a country that honors your service, not just with words but with deeds. That뇹 why the American <Legion is so critical, working everyday to make sure America lives up to that standard.
I will be doing that work right alongside you if I am given the great honor to serve as your president and commander in chief. Thank you all, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you.
: Secretary Clinton, I뇫 love to give you one of our medallions. Inscribed are the words 뉹or God and country. Thank you for your kind words to our veterans, your support of veterans, and we wish you the very best.
Thank you.Morning! I am so pleased to be here, I want to thank you all for the invitation, for the introduction, to everyone associated with NABJ and NAHJ, I want to just mark the moment because you were created in this hotel.
I don뗪 know if there are any original founders, but if there are could you all stand up and we could give you some recognition?
I am delighted to thank you for the important work you do every day, and now more than ever we need you to keep holding leaders and candidates accountable. And in the tradition of pathbreaking journalists like Ethel Payne and Ruben Salazar, we need you to make sure that America뗩 front pages and nightly newscasts and online information reflects the great diversity of our nation. 
Someone that I had the privilege of knowing, the late, great Bob Maynard, former owner of the Oakland Tribune, once said  and I quote Bob  It is in seeing ourselves whole that we can begin to see ways of working out our differences of understanding our similarities, and becoming a more cohesive nation.
And that is what you do every day, helping us to see ourselves as whole. You help us see ourselves whole.
I뗤 looking forward to our discussion, which I뗤 sure will cover a wide range of issues, but I want to take just a few minutes to focus on a challenge that doesn뗪 get enough attention out on the campaign trail, although I뗬e been trying, and that is: how do we expand economic opportunity for African Americans and Latinos across America?
And you know very well, it뗩 been said that when the economy catches a cold, communities of color get pneumonia. The Great Recession hit our whole country hard, but the toll was especially difficult for black and Latino families. Black wealth was cut in half. For Latinos, it dropped 66 percent. That represented decades, even generations of hard work. And during these past 18 months, people across the country have described to me how hard it뗩 been to get back on their feet in an economy that is still not working the way we all want to see it. And barriers of systemic racism makes that even harder.   
Now I believe that President Obama does not get the credit he deserves for leading us out of the Great Recession, and I like to remind people he had nothing to do with creating it in the first place. He came into office and this worstofallfinancialcrisessincetheGreatDepression was handed to him. And I think if you fairly look at the record, you have to conclude that his leadership saved us from a Great Depression.
So as bad as things became  9 million jobs lost, 5 million homes lost, $13 trillion in family wealth wiped out  as bad as it was, there뗩 no telling how far down we would have gone without his leadership. So we are out of the ditch that we were in, and now we뗬e got to do even more. We뗬e got to build on the progress we뗬e made. 15 million new jobs in the last seven years. 20 million people now have health insurance who did not have it before he became President.
So we뗬e got to have the will and the plans together to move forward. That뗩 why I뗬e proposed a comprehensive new commitment to African American and Latino communities to make serious, sustained investments to create more goodpaying jobs; to help families build and rebuild wealth; and support black and Latinoowned small businesses. For me, these aren뗪 just economic issues  theyre part of the long, continuing struggle for civil rights.
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now we뗬e got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare. And we have to make sure the bus route reaches every neighborhood, and connects families with safe, affordable housing and good jobs.
Sylvia Mendez and Ruby Bridges helped desegregate our schools. Now we뗬e got to help every family afford the books, computers and internet access that our kids need to learn in the 21st century.
And so in my first 100 days as President, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, goodpaying jobs since World War II. That includes jobs in manufacturing, clean energy, technology and innovation, small businesses, and infrastructure. If we invest in infrastructure now, we will not only create jobs today, we will lay the foundation for the jobs of the future.
Were going to also focus on creating jobs in communities where unemployment remains stubbornly high after generations of underinvestment and neglect. I뗤 a big fan of Congressman Jim Clyburn뗩 102030 plan  steering 10 percent of federal investment to neighborhoods where 20 percent of the population has been living below the poverty line for 30 years. We need that kind of focused, targeted investment  in urban places, rural places  wherever Americans have been left out and left behind.
Were also going to invest $20 billion in creating jobs for young people. There뗩 a big gap here. The unemployment rate among Latino and African American youth is significantly higher than for whites. You know, it뗩 hard to write a resume if you have nothing to put on it. Were going to help young people get that first job, so they can get that second job, so they can build a good solid middleclass life that will give them and their families a better future.
Were going to do more to help black and Latino entrepreneurs get access to capital, so they have a real chance at turning their ideas into thriving businesses. Now I think that뗩 not only good for those entrepreneurs  it뗩 good for their families, their workers, and their communities.
Additionally, as part of our endtoend reform of the criminal justice system, were going to help people succeed when they return home from jail or prison. Were going to ban the box so they can be judged by their skills and talents, not by their past. And we will dedicate $5 billion to provide training and support to returning citizens so they can get goodpaying jobs.
And in my first 100 days, I뗤 going to introduce legislation for comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship  that뗩 not only the right thing to do. Every independent analysis shows it will add hundreds of billions of dollars to our economy. It will also keep families together. We need to bring hardworking people out of the shadows. America has always been a place where people from around the world work hard and apply their talents to American growth and innovation in pursuit of their own dreams. So were going to do everything we can to get this done.
We need to build an economy and a future that every American can be proud of and be a part of. An economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. That will be my mission as President.
These are just the highlights of our plan. I hope you뗣l go to my website, hillaryclinton.com to read the details, including how were going to pay for everything I뗬e proposed.
And of course I hope you뗣l compare that to what my opponent is talking about.
Here뗩 one measure that you could use for that comparison: an independent economist recently calculated that, if my agenda for jobs and growth is put into place, our economy would create at least 10.4 million jobs within four years. We actually think it could be much more than that.
Now this economist also ran the numbers on Donald Trump, including his disastrous and inhumane plan to round up and deport millions of hardworking immigrants. The result, according to Mark Zandi, who was the economic advisor to John McCain during his 2008 run for the presidency, the result of Trump뗩 plans would be a 딻engthy recession with 3.4 million jobs lost.
Now of course, Trump뗩 problems go far beyond economics. At every turn, he stokes division and resentment. He says horrible things about one group of Americans after another. He뗩 harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society.
You know the list, you뗬e reported on it. He started his campaign by describing Mexican immigrants as 딲riminals and rapists. He retweets white nationalists. He says a distinguished judge can뗪 be trusted because he is of Mexican heritage. He talks about banning Muslims from coming to the United States  a land built on religious freedom. And yes, he also talks about curtailing press freedom as well.
We need to stand up as a country, and say Donald Trump doesn뗪 represent who we are and what we believe. That is what my campaign, what Tim Kaine and I, and everyone supporting us, is doing every day. And were going to keep at it. Because I believe with all my heart that America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump.
We just launched an allSpanish Twitter account, because we want to bring as many Americans as possible into this conversation. We뗬e opened offices in every state, because we want to compete everywhere  we want to bring our message and our vision to all corners of our country.
But we can뗪 do it alone. Everyone  Republican, Democrat, and independent  needs to stand up and speak out. And I think journalists have a special responsibility to our democracy in a time like this. As Ida B. Wells once said, 딿eople must know before they can act, and there is no educator to compare to the press.
Many of you are showing the way. It뗩 a badge of honor when Jorge Ramos gets thrown out of a press conference for challenging Donald Trump. Or when another news organization gets banned for reporting what he says. As Jorge said, the best journalism happens when you take a stand, when you denounce injustice.   
So I hope you뗣l keep calling it like you see it. Keep holding all of us accountable. I have laid out all these plans, and I뗤 well aware that I have been sometimes made fun of for putting out these plans about the economy and education and gun safety measures and all the rest of it. But I have this old fashioned idea that when you run for President, you ought to tell the voters of America what you would do as President. So I am going to keep telling you what I뗤 going to do because I want you to hold me accountable, press and citizens alike.
Because the stakes are as high as they뗬e ever been in our lifetimes. And we all have to do our part.
So thank you for what you do everyday, thank you for inviting me to address you today. And I look forward to taking some of your questions today. Thank you all very much.
Thank you so much, Mike and Leigh and everybody. I am excited about being here, and I so appreciate what Mike and Leigh took their time to tell me about. Because this company, which has grown pretty dramatically in the last four and a half years, is a great example of what it means to be a small business company that then grows and takes advantage of all the opportunities that are available.
And I was grateful when I asked both of them, So what would you want me to do? What worked? What didn뗪? that they gave me a terrific point of view. And just to quickly recap, because I agree with everything they said, they got a lot of help from the SBA  twice now  but they agree with me that the SBA is just not doing enough. It뗩 not a  its mandate is not big enough; it doesn뗪 include enough continuing help and outreach so that people with good ideas like they had know where to go, kind of a onestop shop, if you will, to get all the information that they need. And I뗤 going to do everything I can to expand that mandate and to provide a much better conduit, to use Mike뗩 term, of information coming to people starting their small businesses.
The second thing they said which was exciting is that when they first opened up their very first  what do they call those big silver things? Brewhouse  their very first brewhouse came from China. And then they found a local company not far from here who could do exactly the same thing, so all of these other brewhouses are made right here, about four or five miles right down the street. BrewFab, right? BrewFab. So that뗩 another thing I뗤 pushing, is for companies to look to see if there aren뗪 American suppliers who can actually provide what they need in order to have a great partnership. And I뗤 thrilled that what you see here illustrates that.
The third thing they told me is they had a great experience with the State Department, which I was very happy to hear, because when I was Secretary of State I really stressed exports, and you can뗪 do exports unless you have an active group of people who are reaching out once again, trying to come up with support for businesses.
And my dad was a small businessman, a very, very small business that he started and ran, so I was particularly keen that we not just help the giant American corporations but we help the small businesses, the mediumsized businesses. And Mike told me that he had a great experience on a State Departmentsponsored visit to Costa Rica, right? To Costa Rica?
And that뗩 exactly what I want to see more of too, because you can뗪 just expect to compete and win in the global economy by waiting for it to come to you, and you can뗪 do it on your own, so it뗩 really important to me that the government does more to help companies like 3 Daughters get out into the world so that their products can be given an equal chance to compete and win. Because I know that if we do that, nobody can outcompete American workers and businesses. We just have to be out there doing everything possible to make it reality.
And then the final thing that I picked up from talking to both of them is how committed they are to their employees, but how they could sure use some help finding out what are all of the benefits and opportunities that are available through the federal government  through the tax system, for example. How can we do a better job making sure that small companies like this have the help they need to understand everything that they have to do and cut the costs and streamline it. So, for example, they were telling me that if they could get a kind of package of help  because right now, employees spend a lot of time figuring out excise tax, which is pretty complicated, and I want to try to blow through all that, simplify it, flatten it, make it possible for companies like this to get the information.
And they came up with a really good suggestion: people who register LLCs, if theyre going to have employees, they should immediately get a package of information, like here뗩 how you can get help understanding what you have to do to register in different jurisdictions to pay taxes in different jurisdictions and the like. As much as we can simplify and use technology to simplify, the cheaper then it will be for companies like this to be successful and to grow as quickly as this one has.
So I feel like I뗬e learned a lot today. I really appreciate your being so well prepared to give me these great ideas that I can then try to take and put to work on behalf of businesses like yours and businesses across the country. Because it really is true that I feel a special bond with small businesses, and I have said that I want to be a small business president because of my dad뗩 experience, and this is one of the big differences between me and the Republican nominee. My dad worked really hard.
He ran a small print plant so that in a much lowerceilinged, darker room, he had long tables that he would roll fabric out on and then he would take a silkscreen  and he would do all this by hand  you put the silkscreen down, you put the paint in, you take a squeegee, you go from side to side and then you pick it up and you go down all the way to the end of the long table, then you뗛 go to the other table, so that while this table was drying then you뗛 come up and if there was a twocolor pattern, you뗛 put another silkscreen on and you뗛 do it all over again.
So he worked really hard and made a good living for my mother, my brothers and me, and that뗩 why I just can뗪 imagine  he worked so hard  if he had delivered the finished goods to the people who had ordered them, that they would have said, Were not going to pay you. And that뗩 what Trump has done time and time again. It would be like you뗛 get a big order from one of his resorts or casinos. That would be pretty exciting here. And people would work really hard.
And then they wouldn뗪 pay you. Or maybe they뗛 say, were only going to pay you 50 cents or 30 cents on the dollar. I just can뗪 imagine. I know what it would mean to my family, but I can뗪 imagine what it would mean to any family. And in fact, just recently there  most people who are in that position that I뗬e met who have been stiffed by him, they were told, Well, go sue us. Well, people can뗪 afford to sue somebody who hires a bunch of lawyers in order to fight back. It just doesn뗪 make sense.
But there was a small momandpop shop down in South Florida that did sue him because they had helped renovate one of his golf courses. And they knew that if they didn뗪 get paid, it was over for them. They couldn뗪 keep their doors open. So they did sue him, and they got a judgment, and then they even got attorneys fees. So maybe the tide is turning because I뗬e met painters and plumbers and glass installers and marble installers and architects and piano companies that have been operating under a contract which then was never honored.
And the most fundamental thing in our economic system is you make a contract. You make a deal with somebody. You keep your end of the bargain. They keep their end of the bargain. That뗩 how we do business, and that뗩 how were going to continue to grow small businesses in America. Because I think Mike told me that there are 52 employees, 18 fulltime. Right?
Small businesses create most of the jobs in America, twothirds. So we can뗪 grow the economy if we don뗪 really grow small businesses. And I뗤 going to do everything I can in this campaign and then in the White House to be a great president for small business, and to consult people like Mike and Leigh who can give me firsthand, real information about what works and what doesn뗪 work so that we don뗪 get this big disconnect where youre trying to do something, and it뗩 just not working.
And the final thing that make said, which I am going to be doing everything I can, is to get health care costs down. We뗬e got a lot of people who are insured now because of the Affordable Care Act, but the costs are too high. We need to get prescription drug costs down and premiums and copays and all of the costs because other companies have told me the very same thing. And so I뗤 going to be working hard on that as well.
So again, let me thank you for having us here. I want to say hello to everybody, maybe get some pictures if you wanted to, and have a chance  if anybody has any other ideas about how were going to promote and grow small businesses. And again, Leigh was telling me about the meaning of the flags here as well, and I bet in a few years youre going to have flags hanging from every part of this ceiling as a real tribute to the people who have served our country. And I greatly appreciate that as well.
Thank you all very much.
Hello! Hello, CHCI! It is so great to be back here with so many friends and to see so many young people here because that fits the theme this year: educate, engage, vote. And I can뗪 think of better marching orders for the next 54 days. And anyone who just heard the congresswoman knows we cannot be on the sidelines. This is the most consequential election in our lifetimes.
I want to recognize the Institute for all you do to inspire the next generation of Latino leaders. Last year, I had the chance to spend time with some of the CHCI interns and fellows. It really was like seeing the future of America in one room. I can뗪 wait to see everything that they achieve. And I can뗪 wait, if I뗤 fortunate enough to be president, to put some of them to work!
And I want to thank all my friends in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. You fight every single day to lift up the Latino community  when the cameras are rolling and when the cameras are off, at home in your districts and here in Washington. And no one understands better than you the pivotal moment were at right now  not just for Latinos but for our country.
My friends in the caucus have traveled to every battleground state, registered voters. You뗬e stayed focused no matter what kind of outlandish and offensive comments we have heard from my opponent and his supporters. By the way, I personally think a taco truck on every corner sounds absolutely delicious.
Now, here뗩 a confession: Running for president is never easy, but it shouldn뗪 be, right? But tonight I have the ultimate challenge: speaking after President Obama. He뗩 always a tough act to follow, in more ways than one.
I, for one, don뗪 think the President gets the credit he deserves for rescuing our economy from another Great Depression. Think of what we뗬e achieved these last eight years. American businesses have created 15 million new jobs since the recession. Twenty million Americans have health coverage  and no one has seen a bigger drop in uninsured rates under the Affordable Care Act than Latino Americans. We got more good news this week. A report came out showing that poverty is going down, and incomes for American families are going up, and Latino families have seen the biggest increase of all.
Now, that doesn뗪 mean we rest on our laurels by any stretch. Our work is far from finished. But I am more confident than ever that our best days are still ahead of us. I believe with all my heart that the American Dream is alive and it뗩 big enough for everyone to share its promise. That doesn뗪 mean that lots of people are still not hurting, because I know they are. And when you hear a presidential candidate spewing bigotry and hate, it뗩 easy to get discouraged. But were here because we know this election is a choice between not just two people but two very different visions for our America뗩 future.
Either were going to make our economy work for everyone, or just those at the top.
Either were going to fear our differences, or embrace and celebrate our diversity.
Either were going to pit Americans against each other and deepen the divides, or were going to be stronger together.
Today, as you know, were in the midst of Hispanic Heritage Month. In classrooms across America, children will study Dolores Huerta and Cesar Chavez, Juli치n and Joaqu칤n Castro, Justice Sotomayor, Roberto Clemente and Laurie Hernandez, Gloria Estefan and LinManuel Miranda, and countless others  names we know and names we might not know, but every one of whom has enriched this country for generations.
Whether youre Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Latin American, AfroLatino, whether your family just arrived or has been here since before the United States even existed , youre not strangers. Youre not intruders. Youre our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our families. You make our nation stronger, smarter, more creative. And I want you to know that I see you and I am with you, and time and again  time and again we have seen that when we invest in the community, when we make it possible for Latinos to get the health care you need, get the education you desire, compete for jobs, start new businesses, pursue your dreams, all of America benefits.
As I said this afternoon in North Carolina, we are in the final stretch of this election. And I intend to close my campaign the way I began my career, fighting for kids and families. That뗩 been the cause of my life. It will be the passion of my presidency. So tonight I want to mention two things I뗣l do in the first 100 days of my administration to help families in every corner of America.
First, we do need to create an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. There뗩 something wrong when Latinos are 17 percent of our country뗩 population but hold only 2 percent of its wealth. We뗬e got to work together to connect more Latinos with good jobs that pay good wages, with more opportunities to get the skills they need, to go to college, to launch new ventures, to build wealth that can be passed on to your kids and your grandkids. So were going to make, in my first 100 days, the biggest investment in new, goodpaying jobs since World War II, jobs in infrastructure, manufacturing, technology, innovative, clean energy.
And were going to cut red tape and taxes and expand access to capital for small businesses, including the Latinoowned small businesses that create so many jobs and so much growth in communities everywhere. And I want to give a particular shoutout to Latina small business owners. Not everyone knows this, but you are among the fastestgrowing group of entrepreneurs in America. And were going to put families first with new solutions that reflect the way people live and work today. Supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable childcare isn뗪 a luxury, it뗩 a necessity. When families are strong, America is strong.
And that brings me to another important family issue. In those first 100 days, I will send a proposal for comprehensive immigration reform to the Congress. My proposal will keep families together, and it will include a path to citizenship. Now, I know this isn뗪 the first time you뗬e heard it. In fact, people have been making the same promise for more than a decade. But I believe with all my heart that some things are too important to give up on. I뗬e been called a lot of things; I뗬e never been called a quitter.
And in this election  in this election, we have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn뗪 just the smart thing to do, it뗩 what the American people demand. And you know how we뗣l show that? Well, I hope to have a Democratic Congress next January. But no matter what, on my first day in office I will reach out to Republicans and say, this is your chance to help millions of families and show that your party, the party of Lincoln, is better than Donald Trump.
And while were fighting for comprehensive immigration reform, were going to keep families together. When the deadlocked Supreme Court put DAPA and expanded DACA on hold for 5 million immigrants, it was devastating to millions of families. But the court didn뗪 actually rule on the substance of the case. And as I뗬e said repeatedly, I believe DAPA and expanded DACA are squarely within the President뗩 authority, and will I protect them and keep fighting for them.
But in addition to defending DAPA and DACA, there뗩 more we can do. We need a simple, straightforward system where other people with sympathetic cases who are contributing to their communities can make their case and be eligible for deferred action too. Like people who experience and report extreme labor abuses. And we won뗪 stop there. Were going to end family detention, close private detention facilities, and stop the raids and roundups. No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if their mom or dad will be there when they get home.
So here뗩 the bottom line. Comprehensive immigration reform will not only be the right thing to do, but it will add $700 billion to our economy and enable America to be what it뗩 always been  a place where people from around the world can come to reunite with family, start new businesses, pursue their dreams, apply their talents to American growth and innovation.
Now, I know this has been a long road and we wouldn뗪 be where we are today without your persistence and the quiet courage of families in every state of our union, and we certainly wouldn뗪 be here without the bravery of the young men and women who have risked their very place in the United States by coming forward and fighting for their own future and the future of millions of others. They helped change the conversation. And when President Obama created DACA, it changed their lives.
Right now, 750,000 undocumented young people in America are going to school, working, and planning for their future. Theyre DREAMers in much more than name. I뗬e met so many. I뗬e listened to their stories. They뗬e done everything we뗬e asked of them and made our country stronger in return.
So when Donald Trump promises to rip that all away on Day One, when he promises to round up and deport all of the 16 million people living and working among us, including American citizen children who were born here to parents who are undocumented, these are the faces I see.
I picture Astrid Silva  who I met in Las Vegas. Many of you know her story: She came to this country from Mexico at the age of four with nothing but a doll, a cross, and the dress she was wearing. Now she뗩 in her 20s, advocating for the rights of everywhere.
I picture a young man I never met, whose high school teacher wrote me a few months ago to share his story. His teacher told me that his former student was funny, enthusiastic, and patriotic. He played the drums in the school marching band and after graduation in 2005, proudly enlisted in the U.S. Army. Before shipping off to Iraq, he stopped by the school so everyone could see him in his new uniform.
He was, his teacher wrote, 따s respectful and optimistic as any student who ever entered my classroom. He was also a DREAMer, brought here as an undocumented child. He loved America, and hoped one day to earn his citizenship. But in April 2007, while on a mission in Baghdad, he was killed by an improvised explosive device. He was just 19. The Army called him a hero and he was posthumously granted the American citizenship he뗛 always wanted.
All these years later  his teacher still treasures his memory. And this teacher wanted me to know  he wanted me to know that despite what Donald Trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals. The truth is, this young man may not have been born here, but he represented the best values of our country.
We teach our children that America is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look a certain way or worship a certain way, but for all. Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the extreme policies and divisive rhetoric they뗬e heard from my opponent  from the racist lie about Mexican immigrants that launched his presidential campaign to his racist attacks on a federal judge.
And every time we think he뗩 hit rock bottom, he sinks even lower. His latest target? A minister in Flint, Michigan who respectfully asked him not to use her pulpit for political attacks. He called her a nervous mess.
How insulting, how dead wrong. Reverend Faith Green Timmons is not a nervous mess  she뗩 a rock for her community in trying times, and she deserves better and so does America. And again today, he did it again. He was asked one more time, Where was President Obama born? And he still wouldn뗪 still say Hawaii. He still wouldn뗪 say ㄸmerica. This man wants to be our next president? When will he stop this ugliness, this bigotry?
Now, he뗩 tried to reset himself and his campaign many times. This is the best he can do. This is who he is. And so we need to decide who we are. If we just sigh and shake our heads and accept this, then what does that tell our kids about who we are? We need to stand up and repudiate this divisive rhetoric. We need to stop him conclusively in November in an election that sends a message that even he can hear. We need to set the kind of example we want for ourselves and our children and our grandchildren
Parents and teachers are already worried about what theyre calling the Trump Effect. Bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslims, and immigrants.
At a high school basket game in Indiana, white students held up Trump signs and taunted Latino players on the opposing team with chants of Build the wall and Speak English.
Donald Trump is running the most divisive campaigns of our lifetimes. His message is you should be afraid  afraid of people whose race or ethnicity is different, or whose religious faith is different, or who were born in a different country. There뗩 no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. It뗩 all right out there in the open now. So we뗬e got to come back twice as strong and twice as clear.
Just this week, a mother in Florida wrote to me about her 11yearold son, Francisco. He뗩 proud to be American, Colombian, Ecuadorian, and Puerto Rican. As he calls it, a 딿otluck of Hispanic heritage. And Francisco has been following this election very closely, his mother told me. He wears his Love Trumps Hate pin every day and refuses to take it off. When his father warned him that might make him a target for bullies, Francisco looked his father in the eye and he said: I was always told to stand up for myself and what I believe in. And I believe Trump is wrong. And good for you, Francisco.
That뗩 what we have to do in this election, and that뗩 what so many of you are doing already: standing up to the bullying and bigotry wherever it comes from.
Together, we must send this resounding message, and we need to inspire a level of turnout that will help us win up and down the ticket.
We뗬e set an ambitious goal of registering and committing 3 million people to vote in this election that would not have otherwise voted, and we can뗪 do it without you. Nearly half of Latinos in America are under 35, and we need you to show up and make your voices heard in this election.
So were going to keep asking for your help. Keep hitting the campaign trail. Please talk to your friends, your neighbors, your community  everyone you see between now and November 8th. Tell them to go to hillaryclinton.com, or text JOIN, JOIN to 47246 to get involved. This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines, as we heard from Congresswoman Sanchez.
So let뗩 stand up for a future where we put families first. Where we build bridges, not walls.
And yes, together we can prove love trumps hate. Thank you all very much.
Hello, BWA. I thank you all for that warm welcome. There뗩 nowhere I뗛 rather be than right here with all of you this morning.
Please everyone be seated. This is such a great opportunity to lift up the work that so many of you have done for years  your organizations, individually  and I am grateful for it because it has helped to guide me in a lot of the work that I뗬e been privileged to do.
I want to thank Gwen Hess for her introduction. I want to acknowledge, it뗩 always great to see a woman serve as president in any setting.
I want to congratulate today뗩 honorees. Everyone is so deserving of this recognition. I also want to acknowledge a few others. We have some fierce members of Congress with us today, women whom I admire, who have been my colleagues and friends and with whom I am looking forward to continuing our work: Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, Congresswoman Gwen Moore, Congresswoman Yvette Clarke, Congresswoman Stacey Plaskett.
And I want to give a special shout out to Congresswoman Joyce Beatty. When I saw Joyce recently, she said, Well, you are coming, aren뗪 you? And I said, I뗤 working hard to get it set. And I am so proud that it did work out, and I thank Joyce for that extra push.
I also want to acknowledge someone who had such a profound effect on my life, in every way, someone whom I admire and love, Marian Wright Edelman. This audience is filled with longtime friends and people I went to Wellesley College with that became lifelong friends to me, and so many of you who have been on the front lines  everyone associated with The Black Women뗩 Agenda, I뗤 thrilled to be with you. I뗤 thrilled to be associated with you. I뗤 also thrilled to be back on the campaign trail. As the world knows, I was a little under the weather recently. The good news is, my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in women뗩 health.
Looking back, I know, I should have followed my doctor뗩 orders to rest, but, my instinct was to push through it. That is what women do every single day, and I felt no different. Life has shown us that we do have to work harder at the office while still bearing most of the responsibilities at home  that we always need to keep going because our families and our communities count on us. And I think it is more than fair to say, that black women have an even tougher road.
And you, your daughters, your granddaughters  I was pleased to meet Gwen뗩 beautiful granddaughter earlier  leave the house every morning, put on that game face that we all practice, and enter a society that consistently challenges your worth. With the images you see, the lower pay that so many take home, that try to silence your voices and break your spirits; yet, you remain fierce in the face of these challenges. We see that every day in the businesses you start, the art you create, the children you teach and the communities and organizations you lead. While your stories are often missing from the history books  make no mistake  you are the change makers, the path breakers, and the ground shakers. And, you are proof that yes, indeed, black girl magic is real.
Now, I뗬e been blessed to see this magic뗩 influence on kids and communities up close for decades, starting with my first job after law school working with Marian at the Children뗩 Defense Fund. Marian뗩 belief was that every single child had worth and potential and deserved the opportunity to live up to their god potential with the tools and the support that every child needs. And that if we just improve the odds a bit for those suffering in poverty, they could flourish. So she led our team into some very poor communities. We met kids who had dropped out of school because they couldn뗪 afford textbooks or transportation. Some didn뗪 have decent clothes and stayed home to avoid being humiliated in class. Some had untreated medical and dental problems that made it practically impossible for them to learn. Those stories really hurt my heart.
But Marian always believed we could deliver help and hope if we never ever gave up. So she taught us ways to think creatively, as well as strategically to take our advocacy and turn it into action and results. She sent me to New Bedford, Massachusetts, to go door to door looking for children who weren뗪 in school. That was back before we had a legal requirement that every child, regardless of disability, deserved to get an education. I met a young girl in New Bedford and sat and talked with her on the small back porch of her house. She told me how badly she wanted to learn, but couldn뗪 because schools weren뗪 accessible or welcoming. So Marian had us get to work and change that.
We gathered evidence and built a coalition. We helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities. Marian showed me that to drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action. And there is no question, I뗤 here today because of her example. I also want to recognize pioneers like Barbara Jordan and Shirley Chisholm, who sacrificed and struggled so that I and so many other women running for office could soar. I뗤 here because of friends and colleagues, like Donna Brazile, Reverend Leah Daugherty and Congresswoman Marcia Fudge  three black women who ran the Democratic National Convention in July. It was a great four days.
It goes to show that black women deserve more than a seat at the table. It뗩 past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting. And let뗩 be clear: I would not be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States were it not for black women like all of you who made noise at the polls this year in support of our campaign  who did surrogate events, went to barber shops and beauty salons and cafes, got on local radio and local TV to make the case. We뗬e come far together.
And as I said yesterday in North Carolina, I뗤 going to close my campaign the way I began my career all those years ago at the Children뗩 Defense Fund, and the way that I will serve as your president should I have the great honor of being elected: I will be focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families. The American people deserve something to vote for, not just against.
And together  together, we are going to make this a freer, fairer and stronger nation.
Were going to fight for the parents struggling to balance family and work and push for affordable child care, paid family leave, and yes, finally, equal pay for women.
We뗣l fight for the young girls who want a fair chance in life, which is why we뗣l make universal prek available so that every child  no matter what they look like or where they live  can rise up and be prepared to fulfill their academic destiny.
We are also going to do a lot to emphasize STEM education, particularly for girls and women, and I thank the agenda for making that a priority!
We뗣l fight for the entrepreneur who said that more businesses die in the parking lots of banks than anywhere else, which is why were going to increase access to capital, and we are going to help African American women continue to represent the fastest growing segment of womenowned businesses in America right now.
We are going to invest in communities that have been left out and left behind. Urban reinvestment and restructuring that is going to give more people decent housing, access to jobs, the transportation to get to those jobs, rural communities that are too often ignored and denied the services they need. I am a fan of Jim Clyburn뗩 102030 plan. I am going to do everything I can to push that forward.
We뗣l remember the pain of the Mothers of the Movement and fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice and a future where everyone has respect for the law and is respected by the law. And we are going to pass commonsense reforms to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people and keep our communities safe.
We뗣l remember the families neglected in Flint and take action so that no child뗩 life is ever put at risk again when brushing their teeth or drinking a glass of water at dinner. We뗣l advocate for everyone concerned about their parents and grandparents as they age, and lift up caregivers and home care workers so older Americans can live in comfort and with dignity.
And were going to protect and enhance Social Security, which is the main source of income for older women. We뗣l standbyside to make sure that all of our rights are respected and protected  civil rights and women뗩 rights, LGBT rights, worker뗩 rights and, of course, voting rights.
We are coming together at a pivotal moment for our country. Now I do believe that every election is important. But this one feels different, doesn뗪 it? That뗩 because it is. The next 53 days will shape the next 50 years. The future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance.
On one hand, we have my opponent, Donald Trump, and in recent weeks, he뗩 tried to restrain himself and clean up his image. But as Maya Angelou once said, When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. And we know who Donald is. For five years, he has led the birther movement to delegitimize our first black president. His campaign was founded on this outrageous lie. There is no erasing it in history.
Just yesterday, Trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the United States. Donald뗩 advisors had the temerity to say, He뗩 doing the country a 땁ervice by pushing these lies. No, he isn뗪. He뗩 feeding into the worst impulses  the bigotry and bias  that lurks in our country.
Barack Obama was born in America, plain and simple. And Donald Trump owes him and the American people an apology. So, my friends, there is no 딽ew Donald Trump. There never will be. Donald Trump looks at President Obama after eight years as our president. He still doesn뗪 see him as an American.
Think of how dangerous that is. Imagine a person in the Oval Office who traffics in conspiracy theories and refuses to let them go  no matter what the facts are. Imagine someone who distorts the truth to fit a very narrow view of the world. Imagine a president who sees someone who doesn뗪 look like him, and doesn뗪 agree with him, and thinks, That person must not be a real American.
Donald Trump is unfit to be President of the United States. We cannot become insensitive to what he says and what he stirs up. We can뗪 just accept this.We뗬e got to stand up to it. If we don뗪, it won뗪 stop.
In addition to the president, Donald Trump looks at a distinguished federal judge, born in Indiana, and he sees a Mexican, not an American. He looks at a Gold Star family and sees them as Muslims, not patriotic Americans. He looks at women and decides how our looks rate on a scale of one to 10. I look at America, I see everyone. I see our great diversity, which is one of our core strengths, not our burden. We know who Donald Trump is. Now it뗩 time for our country to show who we are and reject his divisive vision.
That뗩 why this election is so important. As Michelle Obama said at the Democratic Convention, When we go to the polls this November, the real choice isn뗪 between a Democrat or Republican. It뗩 about who will have the power to shape our children뗩 lives for the next four years. It뗩 also about the kind of country we want to be, and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
We are at our best when every person gets to share in our nation뗩 promise, contribute to its progress. Stronger Together is not just our campaign slogan. It뗩 the guiding principle for the future we need to build. So Americans, we need to ask themselves: Are we going to make our economy work for everyone or just for those at the top? Are we going to bring people together or pit Americans against each other and rip our country apart? Are we going to work with our allies to keep us safe or are we going to put a loose cannon in charge who would risk everything that generations of Americans have worked so hard to build?
Now in many ways, the profound choice is up to the women in this room. African American women turned out to vote more than any other group of Americans in 2012. This year, once again, you have your hands on the wheel of history and you can write the next chapter of the American story.
Keep up the great work with your Four for 4 campaign. Make sure we get as many people registered and then to the polls as we possibly can. People say to me all time, I just  I don뗪 know what to do about Trump and his supporters and the things he says and inciting violence and all of the terrible activities that are happening this election year.
Well, here뗩 what we can do. Let뗩 reject the cynicism, the bullying, the divisive rhetoric that my opponent uses to make us afraid of each other, afraid of our differences, afraid of our future. I know that all of us in this room are ready to stand up against this  to rise up for our families, our communities, but most importantly, to show up at the polls this November.
With our power and strength, I know  I believe this, or I would not be standing here before you, I would not have run again for president, I would not deal with all the incoming brickbats that are hurled my way if I did not in my heart believe with every fiber of my being that together we can build a future where, yes, love trumps hate.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you all. Hello, everyone. It뗩 great to be here at UNC Greensboro. I want to thank Martha for that wonderful introduction. It means so much to have her here along with her wonderful daughter, Sara, and her mother, Barbara. And the story she told is really one that motivates me every day because it is kids like Sara that led me to politics in the first place to try to make our country and our world better for them. So to see Sara grown up and thriving is very special, and your whole family뗩 support really means the world to me. Thank you, Martha, Sara, Barbara
I have to say it뗩 great to be back on the campaign trail. As you may know, I recently had a cough that turned out to be pneumonia. I tried to power through it, but even I had to admit that maybe a few days of rest would do me good. And I뗤 not great at taking it easy, even under ordinary circumstances. But with just two months to go until Election Day? Sitting at home was pretty much the last place I wanted to be.
But it turns out having a few days to myself was actually a gift. I talked with some old friends. I spent time with our very sweet dogs. I did some thinking. The campaign trail doesn뗪 really encourage reflection, and it뗩 important to sit with your thoughts every now and then. And that did help me reconnect with what this whole campaign is about.
People like me  were lucky. When I뗤 under the weather  now, I just want to have a conversation, and other people can wave their arms and their signs. But I want you to think with me for a minute about how I certainly feel lucky. When I뗤 under the weather, I can afford to take a few days off. Millions of Americans can뗪. They either go to work sick, or they lose a paycheck, don뗪 they?
Lots of Americans still don뗪 even have insurance, or they do but it뗩 too expensive for them to actually use. So they toss back some Tylenols, they chug orange juice, and they hope that the cough or the virus goes away on its own.
Lots of working parents can뗪 afford childcare, which in many states costs as much as college tuition. So for millions of moms and dads, if they get sick, there뗩 no backup. Theyre on their own, aren뗪 they?
That뗩 the story for too many people still in America. When illness strikes, or an accident happens, you feel youre on your own. If you lose your job or can뗪 afford college, youre on your own. If your aging parent starts needing more help, and you don뗪 know what to do, youre on your own.
Life events like these are catastrophic for some families, but mere bumps in the road for others. I have met so many people living on a razor뗩 edge, one illness away from losing their job, one paycheck away from losing their home. And that goes against everything we stand for as Americans. Because some things should not come down to luck. Some things should be within reach for everyone, no matter what. Like financial security. Like affordable health care. Like the peace of mind that comes with knowing that if something goes wrong, your family will be okay. And above all, the knowledge that no matter what, your president is fighting for you and will always have your back.
That right there, that뗩 why I got into this race. I am running for everyone working hard to support their families, everyone who뗩 been knocked down but gets back up. The factory workers on their feet all day, and the nurses looking after patients all night. I뗤 running for young people like so many of you here, who dream of changing our world for the better, and for all the parents and grandparents supporting those dreams by dedicating every dollar they can spare to your education.
I뗤 running for the LGBT teenager here in North Carolina who sees your governor sign a bill legalizing discrimination and suddenly feels like a secondclass citizen. And if anyone wonders what the costs of discrimination are, just ask the people and businesses of North Carolina. Look at what뗩 happening with the NCAA and the ACC. This is where bigotry leads, and we can뗪 afford it  not here, not anywhere else in America.
I뗤 running for women like Janelle Turner. Back in May of last year, Janelle was diagnosed with breast cancer. She went through nearly six months of very tough treatments. Last October, she brought her eightyearold daughter to one of our rallies in Iowa and they made a huge sign that read, Thirteenth chemo yesterday. Three more. Hear me roar! Wouldn뗪 you want to meet the woman behind that sign? Well, I sure did. So we got talking, and we뗬e stayed in touch. She keeps promising me she뗣l see me at the inauguration. And I tell her I뗣l keep working to get there, but she뗛 better be there too.
I뗤 running for her and all the mothers and fathers trying to get and stay healthy so they can be there for their kids. But perhaps most of all, I뗤 running for those kids. Standing up for children has been the work of my life. As a lawyer with the Children뗩 Defense Fund, as First Lady in Arkansas, in the White House, as a Senator, I have fought for kids housed in adult jails, kids who have been neglected and abused, kids who couldn뗪 get health insurance because of preexisting conditions, kids with disabilities so they could go to school. You heard today from someone I뗬e known for a long time, now grown up and a lovely young woman, Anastasia Somoza. I learned from my family and my Methodist faith that we are each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can for however long we can. And to me, that means making sure all our children have the chance to live up to their Godgiven potentials.
So when I meet a little girl in Nevada terrified that her parents are going to be deported, it hits me right in the gut. When I meet a little boy in Flint, Michigan, who can뗪 drink the water at home or in school because it뗩 poisoned with lead, that gets me going. All I want to do is get to work making things better for them.
That뗩 why I care so much about national security too. I want to give our kids a safer world. To me, that means a world with strong allies, more friends, fewer enemies, and fewer nuclear weapons. It also means leading the fight against climate change so we can leave our kids a health planet.
My opponent in this race disagrees with me on every one of these fronts. Just a few days ago he said that if another country뗩 troops taunted ours  not fired at them, but taunted them, just taunts  he뗛 responded  he would respond by blowing them out of the water. He would start a war over that. That is just one more reason, my friends, why the stakes in this election are as high as any in our lifetimes.
I뗬e been involved in politics in one way or another for many years. It is not an easy business. It can get rough and I뗬e built up some defenses. When it comes to public service, I뗤 better at the 땁ervice part than the 딿ublic part. But this is why I do it, and this is who I뗤 in it for: to make life better for children and families. And that뗩 what this race has always been about for me.
Well, now were in the final stretch. There are just 54 days till Election Day. Just 54 days till the most consequential vote of our lifetimes. And just a little more than a month until early voting starts here in North Carolina. Let뗩 make these days count, particularly here, because you know what your governor and legislature tried to do  make it harder for young people to vote, harder for people of color, harder for people with disabilities, harder for the elderly. There can뗪 be any more motivation than that to make sure every young person, every person of color, every person with a disability, every older person turns out and votes.
So in these final days, let뗩 try to tune out all the chatter and the nonstop analysis that doesn뗪 often have much to do with what the next president has to do to create good jobs, to create opportunity, to make it possible for every young person to afford to go to college or get the skills that you need for the jobs of the future. Let뗩 talk about what really matters.
And here뗩 my promise to you. I뗤 going to close my campaign the way I began my career and the way I will serve as your president should you give me that great honor  focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families.
Next week, I뗣l go to Philadelphia to talk about challenges facing our young people; in Florida, to focus on building an economy that welcomes everyone뗩 contributions, including people with disabilities; then I뗣l be back here in North Carolina, to meet with more working families. From now until November 8th, everywhere I go, I뗤 going to talk about my ideas for our country. My campaign has rolled out detailed plans in 38 different policy areas  yes, somebody actually counted. Everything from reining in Wall Street to creating goodpaying jobs to fighting Alzheimer뗩 to supporting people with autism. You see, I have this oldfashioned notion that if youre running for president, you should say what you plan to do, how youre going to get it done, and how youre going to pay for it. You can read it all on my website, hillaryclinton.com. We even put it in a new book called, you guessed it, Stronger Together. Get a copy of it because it tells you everything Tim Kaine and I intend to do.
Now, like a lot of women, I have a tendency to overprepare. I sweat the details, whether were talking about the exact level of lead in the water in Flint, or how many North Carolina kids are in early enrichment programs, or the precise interest rate on your student loans right down to the decimal. Because you know what? It뗩 not a detail if it뗩 your kid. It뗩 not a detail if it뗩 your family. It뗩 a big deal. And it should be a big deal to your president.
Now, I confess, I뗣l never be the showman my opponent is, and that뗩 okay with me. Just look at  look at the show he put on with Dr. Oz today. But I am going to deliver for you and your family, just like I did for Sarah all those years ago with the Children뗩 Health Insurance Program, that gave her the chance to be the extraordinary young woman she is. And I뗣l tell you something else. People accuse me of all kinds of things. You probably have seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting. And I will never give up, I뗣l never walk away, no matter how tough the going gets. I뗤 actually asking Americans to hold me accountable for my ideas and hold my opponent accountable for his.
We don뗪 need a president who says the minimum wage is too high. We need a president who knows that Americans deserve a raise to get to a living wage. We don뗪 need a president who wants to take away people뗩 health coverage. We need a president who wants everyone to have quality, affordable health care. And we don뗪 need a president who apparently thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers stay home with kids. We don뗪 need someone who rushes out a halfbaked plan just weeks before an election after decades of ignoring or putting down working moms. We need a president who has spent years fighting for these issues, who has a plan to support all families in all their various shapes. Ask yourself which candidate you can count on to be on your side, respect your family, stand up and fight for you and your kids.
That is who you should vote for on November 8th because as Michelle Obama said in her fabulous speech at the Democratic convention, when we go to the polls this November, the real choice isn뗪 between Democrat or Republican. It뗩 about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives. It뗩 also about the kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations. People have to decide, are we going to make our economy work for everyone or just those at the top? Are we going to bring people together or pit Americans against each other and rip our country apart? Are we going to work with our allies to keep us safe, or are we going to put a loose cannon in charge who would risk everything generations of Americans have worked so hard to build?
Now, I have a lot of confidence in the American people and in our country. My opponent keeps running us down, saying were weak, a disaster, an embarrassment. Every time he says things like that, I think about Janelle and her strength in the face of cancer, or Martha and Sarah in the face of their health challenges, and that little boy in Flint, who gets up every day and goes to school even though he can뗪 drink the water. See, my opponent has America all wrong. There뗩 nothing we can뗪 do when we come together as one nation, set big goals, and pursue them.
And the American dream  the American dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise. So if you believe the minimum wage should be a living wage, that no one who works fulltime should have to raise their child in poverty, join us. If you believe that every man, woman, and child in America has the right to affordable health care and women should be free to make our own health decisions, join us. If you believe  if you believe your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserves equal pay, then join us. Get involved these last 55 days. Go tohillaryclinton.com or text 딹oin, join, to 47246. We need volunteers right here in North Carolina. We can뗪 do this without you.
And remember, the presidential race isn뗪 the only one this fall. We뗬e got a lot of important statewide races. Let뗩 come together and send Deborah Ross to represent the people in the Senate. Starting on October 20th, you can register and vote early at the same time at any onestop early voting site in your county. So the heat is on. Spread the word. Tell your friends, your family, your neighbors. If you share our vision for America뗩 future, come be part of helping us shape it. We do not have a minute to lose.
We have so many blessings. Now it뗩 our job to deliver on those and to make sure every single person, and particularly every child, no matter who they are, what they look like, or who they love, is part of the American dream now and way into the future. Let that be our message. Let that be our mission. Please come out and help us fight, fight for you, fight for our children, fight for our families. Let뗩 make America all that it should be. Thank you and God bless you!
Thank you. Thank you, Temple! I am so delighted to be here with all of you. I saw how much fun President Obama had last week and  I wanted to be here in Philadelphia.
Before I begin with my remarks, I do want to say how proud I am of our brave first responders working to keep us safe after the attacks of the last weekend in New York, New Jersey and Minnesota. There are now reports of a suspect in custody, but we must remain vigilant. This is a fastmoving situation and a sobering reminder that we need steady leadership in a dangerous world.
I뗤 here to talk about a number of the issues that are part of this election but really, much more than that, they are part of our future  the kind of country we want to have, the kind of people we want to be and, particularly, what kind of opportunities we should be providing for the young people of America. I have a proud Owl on my staff, Jamira Burley. A Philadelphia native who became an activist working to end the epidemic of gun violence right here in Philadelphia. She loves Temple and we love her. And I also want to thank Lauren for that introduction.
Jamira and Lauren are two examples of why I do have so much faith in our future. Your generation is the most inclusive, progressive and entrepreneurial that we뗬e ever seen. And as you heard, when Lauren was in college, she saw challenges facing students of color, but there was no NAACP chapter to support them and promote diversity and inclusion on campus  so she started one. And Lauren remains committed and engaged, working with an organization called Generation Progress, because she understands that active citizenship is a lifelong job and the call to service never fades.
Now, I know that with so much negativity out there, it is really easy to get cynical  especially about our politics. I remember wrestling with that challenge when I was a student during the Vietnam War. It can be tempting to think that no one will tell you the truth and nothing뗩 ever going to change. But youre here today because you refuse to accept cynicism. You know that the next 50 days will shape the next 50 years. And you see how much needs fixing in our country, from the soaring cost of college to the scourge of systemic racism to the threat from climate change  but you also know the only way we can meet those challenges is if we meet them together.
Youre here today because you believe we can do just that. You want something to vote for, not just against. Optimism, not resentment. Answers, not anger. Ideas, not insults. Bridges, not walls. Youre also here because you know this election isn뗪 a reality TV show. It shouldn뗪 be about birth certificates or namecalling or stunts to get onto cable news.
This election comes down to a choice between two very different visions for America. I believe it뗩 wrong to tear each down. We should be lifting each other up. It뗩 wrong to let income inequality get even worse. We have to make the economy work for everyone, not just those at the top. And it뗩 wrong to put a loose cannon in charge who could start another war. We should work with our allies to keep us safe.
It comes down to this: Are we going to pit Americans against each other and deepen the divides in this country, or are we going to be, as I know we can, stronger together?
I know what I believe, and I뗤 going to close my campaign the same way I started my career  fighting for kids and young people and families. That has been the cause of my life. And it will be the passion of my presidency, and I hope you뗣l join me. We can뗪 get distracted when the media or my opponent turns this election into a circus. My husband has a saying about that. He calls it majoring in the minors  getting so wrapped up in stuff that doesn뗪 matter, you forget what뗩 really important to your future and to the future of this country.
Take the challenges facing young Americans today. First of all, if youre willing to work hard, you should be able to find a good job that pays well and lets you do what you love and make your mark in the world. But that뗩 been out of reach for too many young people  trying to find your footing in the wake of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. That뗩 why Tim Kaine and I have a plan to work with both parties and make a historic investment in good new jobs. We can create millions of jobs and make life a lot better by doing things like connecting every household to broadband by 2020; installing half a billion solar panels; building a cleaner, more resilient electric grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country.
Next, getting an education should give you a boost, not hold you back. But as you know better than most, tuition keeps going through the roof and debt keeps piling up. I understand that Temple was founded to democratize, diversify and widen the reach of higher education. That is still a vital goal.
So I worked with Bernie Sanders on a plan. We came up with a plan that makes public college tuitionfree for working families and debtfree for everyone. And if you already have debt, we will help you refinance it and pay it back as a percentage of your income so youre never on the hook for more than you can afford. You can actually see how much you and your family can save under our plan by looking at the College Calculator at hillaryclinton.com.
And here뗩 something we don뗪 talk about enough: a fouryear degree should not be the only path to a good job in America. People should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and making a good living because of that. So were offering new tax credits to encourage companies to offer paid apprenticeships that let you earn while you learn and do more to dignify skills across the board  for welders, machinists, health technicians, coders, and so many other fields.
Another challenge I hear about all the time is from new parents about how hard it is to balance the demands of work and family in today뗩 economy. Families look different today than they did decades ago, I think we can all agree. Most need two incomes just to get by. And many people now change jobs frequently and have wildly unpredictable schedules, or they have to cobble together parttime work, all without the basic supports available to parents in nearly every other advanced country.
That뗩 why Tim Kaine and I have a plan to help working families with quality, affordable childcare, preschool and paid family leave. We fundamentally believe  the more we can strengthen families, the stronger we will be as a nation.
Everywhere I go, young people also share their concerns about the divisiveness and discrimination we see in America today. You aren뗪  and you shouldn뗪 be  satisfied with the progress we뗬e made. You should keep wanting to right wrongs and fight for justice and dignify for all. We see, as Lauren said, too many young black men and women made to feel like their lives are disposable; too many immigrants living in fear of deportation; too many young LGBT Americans bullied; too many young women and men sexually assaulted on campus or in the military or at home. And more than previous generations, you understand that all these challenges are intersecting, and we must take them on together.
But you also see a Republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we뗬e never seen before in any campaign. Hate speech being normalized. The dog whistles are out in the open. And yet, despite this, I remain convinced America뗩 best days are ahead of us. In large part, that뗩 because of the inspiring young people I meet every day.
I뗤 inspired by Astrid. I met her in Las Vegas last summer. She was brought to this country from Mexico at the age of four with nothing but a doll, a cross, and the dress she was wearing. Now she뗩 in her twenties and advocating for the rights of undocumented Americans and comprehensive immigration reform. We should all join her in this.
I뗤 inspired by Mikey, who I met in New York. Mikey spent six months in prison for a lowlevel drug offense. After he got out, Mikey discovered just how hard it is for people who뗬e done their time to find good jobs and opportunities. But he persisted, and he managed to start his own ice cream shop in New York  and I can recommend, it뗩 delicious. We have to do more to help others get that second chance, including by banning the box and reforming our criminal justice system.
I뗤 inspired by Erica, one of the bravest young women I뗬e ever met. Her mother, Dawn, was the principal of Sandy Hook School who died trying to protect her students. Erica was devastated. But then, she made it her mission to advocate for commonsense gun safety reforms. It뗩 been painful for her  a lot of hate has come her way and the gun lobby is so powerful  but Erica won뗪 give up. As she said, What if everyone who faced tough odds said, it뗩 hard, so I뗤 going to walk away? That뗩 not the type of world I want to live in.
That뗩 the spirit that makes this country great  we might get knocked down, but we get right back up again. And we refuse to quit, no matter what. And that뗩 the spirit we need in this election too.
Now, I know that with Washington paralyzed by big money and partisanship, the gap between the change we want and the progress that politics should deliver can look like a chasm. I also know that even if youre totally opposed to Donald Trump, you may still have some questions about me. I get that. And I want to do my best to answer those questions.
When it comes to public service, the 땁ervice part has always easier for me than the 딿ublic part. I will never be the showman my opponent is  and you know what, that뗩 okay with me. And it뗩 also true I do spend a lot of time on the details of policy, like the precise interest rate on your student loans, right down to the decimal. But that뗩 because it뗩 not a detail for you. It뗩 a big deal. And it should be a big deal to your president.
So here뗩 what I ask any voter who is still undecided: Give us both a fair hearing. Hold us accountable for our ideas, both of us. I can뗪 promise you뗣l agree with me all the time, but I can promise you this: No one will work harder to make your life better. I will never stop, no matter how tough it gets. In fact, you can read about what Tim and I want to do. Were not keeping it a secret. We뗬e got a book called Stronger Together.
But let me tell you a little bit about the values that drive me and my vision for the future because you deserve that from anyone from anyone running for president. I want to share with you the stories of three women who at pivotal moments changed my life and set me on a course of social justice, activism, and public service.
The first woman is my mother. Her name was Dorothy, and she was abandoned by her parents as a young girl. She ended up out on her own at 14, working as a housemaid. When I learned about this many years later, I asked how she managed to grow up into a warm, loving person and not become bitter and broken. And here뗩 what she said, one word: 딺indness. She was saved by the kindness of others. Like the teacher who saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share. The lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up. She made sure I learned the words of one of the creeds of our Methodist faith: Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can as long as ever you can.
That mission guides me still today. When I stumble, it helps pick me up, because there뗩 always more good to do and more people to help if we keep our eyes open, especially kids.
When I met a terrified little girl in Nevada who burst into tears because she worried her parents would be deported, it hit me right in the gut. I knew how hardworking her parents were. I knew the sacrifices they were making so that she could have a better life. When I met a little boy in Flint, Michigan who got sick from drinking water poisoned with lead, it just made me so angry and determined to work even harder. Every one of our children deserves the chance to share in the promise of America.
The second woman I want to tell you about is Marian Wright Edelman. She was a lawyer for the NAACP in Mississippi, first African American woman to pass the Mississippi bar. She was an ally of Dr. King and Robert Kennedy, and the founder of the Children뗩 Defense Fund, an altogether remarkable person. One day during my first semester in law school, I saw a flyer  we used to have those, flyers on a campus bulletin board. And Marian was coming to give a lecture. I made sure to be there, and what I heard was captivating. Marian talked about creating a Head Start program in Mississippi and using her legal education to make life better for poor children and families. Something just clicked in my brain. I began to see how I could translate the commitment to helping others I뗛 learned from my mother, my church, into real social change. I went up to her and I said, Could I work for you this summer? She said, Sure, but I can뗪 pay you. I said, Well, I am paying my way through law school, so I have to get paid. She said, Well, if you can figure out how to get paid, you can have a job. So I figured out how to get a grant to get paid and went to work for her.
After graduation, I could have followed my classmates to a highpowered law firm, but I went to work for Marian at the Children뗩 Defense Fund instead. She sent me door to door in New Bedford, Massachusetts on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school back then. And I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house. She told me how badly she wanted an education, but it just didn뗪 seem possible. My heart went out to her and I wanted to help. But it became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. That wouldn뗪 force the public school to build more wheelchair ramps or put more resources into special education. I learned that to drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. So we gathered evidence. We built a coalition. And our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities. And that experience turned me into a lifelong advocate for children and families.
I went to South Carolina to investigate the plight of 12 and 13yearold boys imprisoned alongside grown men who had committed serious felonies. In Alabama I helped expose the racism of segregated academies. In Arkansas I ran a legal aid clinic that provided representation to poor families and prison inmates who could not afford it. When Bill was elected President, a lot of people were surprised, and even threatened, by the idea of an activist as First Lady. But I wasn뗪 about to quit then, either. I fought for universal health care, and ended up working with Republicans and Democrats in Congress to create the Children뗩 Health Insurance Program, which covers eight million kids today. 
The third woman who changed my life was named Sophia, the 17yearold captain of a high school basketball team in New York City. It was the late 1990s, and Democrats in New York were urging me to run for the Senate, and I kept telling them no. After all, no First Lady had ever done anything like that. I myself hadn뗪 run for anything since student council. I뗛 always been an advocate, not a politician. But then one day I visited that school in New York for an event with young women athletes with Billie Jean King. Hanging above our heads was a big banner that said, Dare to compete. Before my speech, Sophia introduced me. She was tall, and as we shook hands, she bent over and whispered in my ear, Dare to compete, Mrs. Clinton. Dare to compete. Once again, something just clicked. For years I had been telling young women to step up. Participate. Go for what you believe in. Could it be I was afraid to do something I had urge so many others to do?
Well, it was a difficult transition, becoming a candidate for the first time back in that New York Senate race. Even all these years later, I confess I don뗪 enjoy doing some of the things that come naturally to most politicians, like talking about myself. But I took that leap then for the same reason I뗤 running now, to even the odds for those who뗬e got the odds stacked against them, especially children and families. And I뗬e learned that in a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside in and the inside out. We need activists and advocates, entrepreneurs and innovators, teachers and mentors, people who change lives every day in a million quiet ways. We also need strong, principled leaders who can win votes, write laws, allocate resources, and do the slow, hard business of governing.
Now, of course, politics can be discouraging. This election in particularly can be downright depressing sometimes. But it matters. It really does. It matters for our families, our communities, and our country and the world. Our most cherished values are at stake. Every election is important, from school board to state senate to president. But this time is different. We are facing a candidate with a long history of racial discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, who led the birther movement to delegitimize our first black President, and he뗩 still lying about it today. He refuses to apologize to President Obama, his family, and the American people. We have to stand up to this hate. We cannot let it go on.
And when we do that, we send a clear message: America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump. Just as important, we have a chance to make real progress together in our country. I need you. I need you as partners, not just for winning this election, but for driving real change over the next four years. The fights ahead of us are bigger than one election, one president, or even one generation. It뗩 going to take all of us working sidebyside to build the kind of future we want. That뗩 why, if I뗤 in the White House, young people will always have a seat at any table where any decision is being made.
So if you believe diversity is America뗩 strength, not America뗩 burden, join us. If you believe the minimum wage should be a living wage and no one working fulltime should have to raise their children in poverty, join us. If you believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of goodpaying clean energy jobs, join us. If you believe that every man, woman, and child in America has the right to affordable, quality health care, join us. If you believe we should finally guarantee equal pay for women, join us.
And here뗩 how you can join us. Go to iwillvote.com and register today. Register your friends. Register everyone you know. This is going to be close. We need everyone off the sidelines. Not voting is not an option. That just plays into Trump뗩 hands. It really does. Text 딹oin, join, to 47246 right now, or go to hillaryclinton.com and sign up to volunteer. I understand here at Temple youre already organizing campaign tailgates at every football game and having a lot of fun doing it. We have 50 days, 50 days, to reach everybody we possibly can, to not only win an election  that뗩 just the first step  then to keep the progress going, go even further, make it absolutely clear that were going to shape a future that represents the best of who we are. So talk to your classmates. Talk to your neighbors. Help us stand up for our best values and reject prejudice and paranoia.
You know, I mentioned my mother and the kindness she experienced. Her life was so neglected that when she went to work as that housekeeper/babysitter at the age of 14, it was the first time she ever saw a family that loved each other, where the parents loved their children, cared for them, planned for them, where she learned the lessons that enabled her to be such an extraordinary mother to me and my brothers. Everything I뗬e learned in my life convinces me that love trumps hate. 
So please join us in working together. There뗩 no doubt in my mind that young people have more at stake in this election than any other age group. And when you turn out and vote this fall, we will be sending a message much larger than even the outcome. We will say we can build a future where all our children have the opportunity to live up to their Godgiven potential, no matter who they are, where theyre from, what they look like, or who they love. That뗩 the America we believe in. That뗩 the America worth fighting for. That뗩 what we뗬e got to do to stand together. We are stronger together, and let뗩 make sure love trumps hate. Thank you all!
Hello. It뗩 so great to be back here with all of you tonight. I want to thank my friend, Congressman Jim Clyburn; Don Peebles; Representative Butterfield; members of the Congressional Black Caucus; and congratulate all of the honorees. On a personal note, I want to recognize a dear friend who is retiring after 46 years, Congressman Charles Rangel. He is one of a kind, and we are grateful for your years of service.
And what can I say about one of the best Presidents this country has ever had, Barack Obama? All through this campaign, I have made the point over and over again, President Obama saved our country from a second Great Depression. He brought Osama bin Laden to justice. And so much more. I, for one, don뗪 think he gets the credit he deserves for doing what he뗩 done on behalf of our country and the world. And it뗩 not just the President he뗩 been, but the man he is. Even when hateful nonsense is thrown their way, Barack, Michelle, their two beautiful daughters, have represented our country with class, grace, and integrity. As Michelle says, When others go low, we go high. I know I speak for not just everyone in this room but so many tens of millions of Americans: Mr. President, not only do we know you are an American, youre a great American! And you make us all proud to be Americans, too.
Let me thank the leadership of the CBC Foundation for this great honor, and to thank all of my friends in the Congressional Black Caucus for it as well. I dedicate it to all the trailblazers who came before me who blazed trails that I could follow in their footsteps  Barbara Jordan. Shirley Chisholm. I would not be standing here without them. Generations of women and men who struggled and sacrificed and cleared a path for all of us.
This award is also for everyone out there helping to break down the barriers holding Americans back, to leaders like all of you, and to a rising generation of young activists. To all those on the front lines dedicated to the proposition that in America, every single child deserves the chance to fulfill his or her Godgiven potential. This has been the cause of my life ever since I went to work for the Children뗩 Defense Fund all those years ago. And I뗤 going to close my campaign the way I began my career and the way that I will serve as your president, focused on opportunities for our children and fairness for our families.
We have so much work to do together. I뗬e heard many heartbreaking stories over this campaign. One was from Tianna GainesTurner, a working mother to three children from Northeast Philadelphia. She testified at the DNC platform meeting in June and told us how her husband had been laid off and she worked in a parttime job. She said she뗛 been hungry more times than she could count, and that life felt like a maze, because she faced barriers no matter which way she turned. But despite all of this, Tianna has hope. She still believes that her 8yearold daughter will be president one day. And she believes that this election can make all the difference in the world to her and her family. Let뗩 prove her right.
As a country, we have a moral obligation to give her family and every family a chance to rise up and reach their dreams. That is what뗩 at stake in this election. It뗩 not about golf course promotions or birth certificate. It comes down to망ho will fight for the forgotten, who will invest in our children, and who will really have your back in the White House.
We need ideas, not insults, real plans to help struggling Americans in communities that have been left out and left behind, not prejudice and paranoia. We can뗪 let Barack Obama뗩 legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn뗪 understand that, whose dangerous and divisive vision for our country will drag us backwards. Instead, we need to come together, to get incomes rising with a higher minimum wage, to invest in neglected communities with efforts like Jim Clyburn뗩 102030 plan, to get guns out of the hands of dangerous people, to fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice, and to make sure that all kids have good schools and good teachers no matter what zip codes they live in.
When you really think about it, the choice this November is about so much more than Democrats and Republicans. As Michelle Obama said at the Democratic convention, it뗩 about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives. It뗩 also about the kind of country we want to be, what we want to leave behind for future generations. I thank everyone here, who has been fighting for this vision over so many years. I thank all who have supported me. I want you to know I뗤 not taking your vote or anyone뗩 vote for granted. I뗤 working every single day to earn your support. And I need your help over the next 52 days to bring our campaign across the finish line together.
Barbara Jordan famously said that a government is invigorated when each of us is willing to participate in shaping the future of this nation. So to everyone here tonight, please, keep doing what youre doing, but also help to register voters. Tell others about the clear choice in this election. In some states, early voting is nearly here, so we need to keep the pressure on. Let뗩 send a loud and clear message once and for all: We are stronger together. And no matter what, remember this: Love trumps hate. Thank you all very much!
Hello, Orlando! Wow. Thank you all so much. I am so happy to be back and I want to thank all of you for being here today at the Frontline Outreach Youth and Family Center, which does so much good work in the community. I want to acknowledge your terrific mayor, Mayor Buddy Dyer, who was here earlier. I want to thank Pastor Wynn, Tiffany Namey, the chair of the Orange County Disability Caucus, and everyone  especially Val Demings. Where뗩 Val? Val  I know  got this crowd really whipped up, and I want you to stay whipped up for Val. She is going to be a great member of Congress for everything that we care about and are fighting for.
I want to thank Anastasia for that introduction. Didn뗪 she do an amazing job? I first met Anastasia when she was nine years old. She raised her hand at a town hall and she said, My twin sister can뗪 speak. Because of that, they put her in a separate class, apart from the rest of the kids. But she can communicate with a computer. And she뗩 very smart and would do just as well as anyone else, if the principal and teachers would just give her a chance. I was just blown away by this nineyearold girl  her confidence and how much she loved her sister.
So Anastasia and I have stayed in touch over the years. When she grew up, she became an intern in the Senate. I was so proud of her speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia too. And I뗤 very excited that she뗩 here with us today.
I also want to thank Orlando. It뗩 great to be back in this wonderful city with all of you. You뗬e been through a lot this year. And what has been so notable is you뗬e responded with grace. You뗬e shown the world what Orlando is made of  strength, love and kindness. This is something we could all use more of right now.
I뗤 here today to talk about how to make our economy work for everyone, but first, I need to say something about two very upsetting incidents that took place over the past few days. First, an unarmed man named Terence Crutcher was shot and killed by a police officer in Tulsa. Then, a man named Keith Lamont Scott was shot and killed by a police officer in Charlotte. I뗤 sending condolences and prayers to their families; I know a lot of you are as well.
There is still much we don뗪 know about what happened in both incidents. But we do know that we have two more names to add to a list of African Americans killed by police officers in these encounters. It뗩 unbearable. And it needs to become intolerable.
We also saw the targeting of police officers in Philadelphia last week. And last night in Charlotte, 12 officers were injured in demonstrations following Keith Lamont Scott뗩 death. Every day, police officers across our country are serving with extraordinary courage, honor and skill. We saw that again this weekend in New York and New Jersey and Minnesota. Our police handled those terrorist attacks exactly right. And they likely saved a lot of lives. I뗬e spoken to many police chiefs and other law enforcement leaders who are as deeply concerned as I am and deeply committed, as I am, to reform. Why? Because they know it is essential for the safety of our communities and our officers. We are safer when communities respect the police and police respect communities.
I뗬e also been privileged to spend a lot of time with mothers who have lost children, and young people who feel that, as far as their country뗩 concerned, their lives seem disposable. We뗬e got to do better. And I know we can. And if I뗤 elected president, we will  and we will do it exactly together, which is the only way it can be done.
Look, I know I don뗪 have all the answers. I don뗪 know anyone who does. But this is certain: too many people have lost their lives who shouldn뗪 have.
Sybrina Fulton has become a friend of mine. Her son, Trayvon Martin, was killed not far from where we are today. Sybrina says, This is about saving our children. And she뗩 absolutely right. We need to come together, work together  white, black, Latino, Asian, all of us  to turn the tide, stop the violence, build the trust. We need to give all of our kids, no matter who they are, the chance to grow up safe and healthy in their communities and in our country.
Now, there are so many issues we need to take on together, and that뗩 why were here today. Because in just 48 days  can you believe it, 48 days  Americans will go to the polls and choose our next president. Well, I hope so. I hope so. I want to just stress that our campaign is about the fundamental belief that, in America, every person, no matter what you look like, who you are, who you love, you should have the chance to go as far as your hard work and dreams will take you. And that is the basic bargain that made our country great, and it뗩 our job to make sure it뗩 there for you and future generations.
Building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top, is the central challenge of our time. And I take it personally, because I뗤 a proud product of the American middle class. My grandfather started working in a lace mill in Scranton, Pennsylvania, when he was just a boy, and worked there for 50 years. Thanks to him, my dad was able to go to college and then start his own small business, printing fabric for draperies. And because of my dad and my mom, I could head out into the world and follow my dreams.
Every American family should be able to write a similar story for themselves and their children. And history has shown us  our history has shown us that the strongest growth in our economy is inclusive, broadbased growth  when everyone can contribute to our prosperity and share in its rewards.
Now, here is just one example. The flood of women into the American workforce over the past several decades was responsible for more than $3.5 trillion in economic growth. But as women뗩 labor participation has slowed in recent years, due in part to our failure to provide familyfriendly policies like paid leave and affordable childcare, so our economic growth wasn뗪 as strong as it could have been. Women who want to work deserve to work. And whenever they are denied that opportunity, it뗩 not fair to them  and we all lose out. In a competitive 21st century global economy, we cannot afford to leave talent on the sidelines. When we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our own futures.
That뗩 one reason why I care so much about supporting working parents. It뗩 one reason why I뗤 such a strong supporter of comprehensive immigration reform. Because bringing millions of undocumented workers into the formal economy will decrease abuse and exploitation, and it will increase our economic breath and our tax base. It is estimated if we did this, despite what you hear from the other side, we would increase our gross domestic product by an estimated $700 billion in 10 years. Now, we need that.
It뗩 also one reason why we뗬e got to break down barriers of systemic racism, including underinvestment that has held communities of color back for generations. That뗩 part of building an inclusive economy, too. And it뗩 why I believe we need to do more to help young people, who are left behind in the wake of the Great Recession, find those strategies and opportunities that will get them moving ahead again. And we뗬e got to help older Americans who뗬e displaced by automation and outsourcing in our changing economy.
And too often, training and retraining doesn뗪 work as it should. If you don뗪 have a fouryear degree, if you haven뗪 really had the chance to upgrade your skills over the years, it뗩 hard to just make a course correction. We need to have apprenticeships and community college and technical programs, starting in high school and moving all the way up to older workers. Whether youre trying to start your career or you뗬e spent decades contributing to our economy, you deserve better.
Now, these are some of the elements of my plan for an inclusive economy, and I뗤 going to hold up the book Tim Kaine and I have put out because we뗬e actually put in one place all of our plans. You see, we have this oldfashioned idea if were asking you to support us, we should tell you what were going to do. Right? And today I want to focus on one area that hasn뗪 gotten enough attention. It concerns a group of Americans who are too often invisible, overlooked, and undervalued, who have so much to offer but are given too few chances to prove it. Now, that뗩 been true for a long time, and we have to change it.
I뗤 talking about people with disabilities, men and women, boys and girls, who have talents, skills, ideas, and dreams for themselves and their families just like anybody else. Whether they can participate in our economy and lead rich, full lives that are as healthy and productive as possible is a reflection on us as a country. And right now, in too many ways, we are falling short. We뗬e got to face that and do better for everyone뗩 sake because this really does go to the heart of who we are as Americans. I intend this to be a vital aspect of my presidency.
I want to bring us together as a nation to recognize the humanity and support the potential of all of our people. And I want you to hear this because this is not wellknown. Nearly one in five Americans lives with a disability. Now, some of those disabilities are highly visible, some much harder to notice. If you don뗪 know you know someone with a disability, I promise you, you do. But their disability is just one part of who they are.
Across the country, people with disabilities are running businesses, teaching students, caring for our loved ones. Theyre holding public office, making breakthrough scientific discoveries, reporting the news, and creating art that inspires and challenges us. Theyre veterans whose service and sacrifice has protected our freedom and kept our country safe. Theyre working in the White House. Just last year a young woman named Leah KatzHernandez became the first West Wing receptionist who is deaf. So when world leaders come to the White House, the person who greets them is Leah. Think of the message that sends about how our nation sees the talent in everyone.
And Americans with disabilities are working on presidential campaigns. I know because several of my staff and advisors have disabilities, and theyre doing phenomenal work. I뗤 grateful to them every single day. And people all over America would say the same about their boss, their colleague, their employee, their family member with a disability.
Now, over the past few days, our country has taken leaps forward, not just in recognizing the humanity and dignity of people with disabilities, but in making longoverdue changes in our schools, workplaces, and communities so everyone can be part of our shared American life. Even so, not that long ago if you had a disability  if you couldn뗪 see, couldn뗪 walk, lived with dyslexia or muscular dystrophy or some other health issue  that one fact was allowed to define your entire life. Because of that and that alone, the world was closed to you. Not all of it and not for everyone, but for most people, basic essential things that others could do you couldn뗪 and never would. And that was that.
I saw this for myself, as Anastasia said, years ago when I was just starting out as a young lawyer working with the Children뗩 Defense Fund. One of my first assignments was to figure out why so many American kids weren뗪 in school. We looked at census tract numbers and we said, okay. How many young people between five and 18 live in this census tract? Then we would look at school enrollment numbers, and there뗛 be a gap. And we would say, wait a minute. Where are the kids? Why aren뗪 they in school?
I went door to door, along with people across our country, going into different communities. I was in New Bedford, Massachusetts. We saw a notable disparity there, and I soon realized that part of the problem was kids were stuck at home because of disabilities. There were kids who were hard of hearing, kids with intellectual disabilities. I remember one little girl in a wheelchair who was smart, curious, desperate to go to school. But that chair held her back. Not all schools had ramps or accessible bathrooms. Most teachers and aides weren뗪 trained to help her. So she didn뗪 get to go. It felt like the world had said to her, sorry, kid. Your life just isn뗪 going to be worth very much. And she and her family weren뗪 rich. They weren뗪 powerful. So what could they do about it?
That little girl reminded me of another little girl, my mother. She didn뗪 face the same challenges, but she, too, was clocked from a full and happy childhood  abandoned by her own parents, raised by grandparents who didn뗪 want her, and ended up on her own when she was just 14, supporting herself as a housemaid. But then something finally went her way. The woman she worked for encouraged her to finish high school. And that family showed my mother what a happy family looked like. After many lonely years, it was the start of a better life.
The core lesson from her childhood was that none of us gets through life alone. We all have to look out for each other and lift each other up. And I remembered that, sitting with that little girl in a wheelchair. My colleagues and I at the Children뗩 Defense Fund, along with others, gathered the facts, and we built a coalition of activists and families across America, and together we helped convince Congress to pass a groundbreaking law saying that children with disabilities have the same right to be educated in public school just like any other kids.
So we opened the doors to school, and then some years later I was so excited when the Americans with Disabilities Act finally passed, 26 years ago. It was bipartisan. The notion that workplaces and public spaces belong to everyone was something Democrats and Republicans both supported. And, by the way, I뗤 proud that some of the Democrats and Republicans who passed that landmark bill are supporting my campaign because they know where my heart is on this.
As Secretary of State, I appointed the firstever special advisor for international disability rights because I wanted America to stand up for the rights and dignity of people with disabilities all over the world. And over the years, I뗬e spent a lot of time working for kids with disabilities. In addition to Anastasia, who spoke at the convention, another young man, Ryan Moore, also spoke there. I first met Ryan when he was 7 years old. I was fighting for health care reform. He was born with a rare form of dwarfism. But he never let that stop him. He뗩 had so many surgeries, we뗬e lost count of them. But his family was always there for them and  for him. And he was the advocate for himself as he got older. Now he뗩 a college graduate working in the technology department of his local school district. And he뗩 just one of the most optimistic people you뗣l ever meet.
Listening to Ryan and Anastasia tell their stories at the convention this July made me think about all the people who never got the chance, never got the chance to get the education, let alone go to college, become forces for change. And I thought about all of the mothers and fathers across America who love their children more than anything and want so badly for them to have every opportunity that they deserve to have in America.
I뗣l never forget something that the actor Christopher Reeve said. Some of you may be too young to know who he was. He was a huge star. He played Superman. He was unbelievably goodlooking. He and his wonderful wife were friends of mine. And then he was paralyzed in a horseriding accident. He once said that he had been thinking about a phrase that comes up a lot in our politics, 딵amily values. Since my accident, he said, I뗬e found a definition that seems to make sense. I think it means that were all family and we all have value. I couldn뗪 agree more.
We뗬e come a long way since the fall of 1973, when I was going door to door talking to kids and families. But make no mistake. We still have a lot more work to do. We can뗪 be satisfied, not when over 60 percent of adults with disabilities aren뗪 in the workforce, not when businesses are allowed to pay employees with disabilities a subminimum wage , not when people with physical and intellectual disabilities are still subjected to stigma and discrimination every single day. We뗬e got to build an inclusive economy that welcomes people with disabilities, values their work, treats them with respect.
Now, one advocate after another has told me the same thing, We don뗪 want pity. We want paychecks. We want the chance to contribute. As president, I뗤 going to give  give them that chance. First, were going to focus on jobs and incomes. I뗤 going to fight to give more Americans with disabilities the chance to work alongside those without disabilities and do the same jobs for the same pay and benefits. People with disabilities shouldn뗪 be isolated. They should be given the chance to work with everyone else. And were going to eliminate the subminimum wage, which is a vestige from an ugly, ignorant past. Good work deserves fair pay, no matter who you are.
Second, were going to work with our colleges and universities to make them more accessible to students with disabilities. To have a truly inclusive economy, we need a truly inclusive education system. So let뗩 raise our standards. For too long, accessibility has been an afterthought. Let뗩 make it a priority in our curriculums, our classrooms, and the technology our students use. It뗩 like what Anastasia said about her sister. She can communicate through a computer. Then let뗩 make sure kids who can communicate that way have the opportunity to do so.
Third, were going to partner with businesses and other stakeholders to ensure those living with a disability can get hired and stay hired. As part of that, we뗣l launch a new effort were calling Autism Works to help people with autism succeed in the workplace.
Fourth, let뗩 build on the success of the Americans with Disabilities Act by finally ratifying the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. It has the strong backing of leaders across the political spectrum, and it뗩 a chance to show American values and American leadership. And I have to tell you ever since I was first lady, I have had the great privilege of traveling the world on behalf of our country. When I was secretary of state, I went to 112 countries. And one of the things that I have noticed is how far behind many countries are in how they treat people with disabilities. Very often people with disabilities from the time they are babies and toddlers are locked away, basically forgotten. I want us since we have been the leader in this area to get that ratified and then to demonstrate to other countries what we have done and are doing to give dignity and opportunity to people with disabilities.
Now, these ideas are just a start. Were working with advocates to come up with even more. If you뗬e got an idea, we want to hear it. Go to hillaryclinton.com and leave your ideas because we are really welcoming this debate. This issue is very close to my heart.
I뗬e always believed that the ultimate test of our society is more than the size of our economy or the strength of our military. It뗩 how we treat our fellow human beings, especially the most vulnerable among us. And on this front especially, I intend for my presidency to move our country forward. Together, we will make our economy and our country more welcoming to people with disabilities because we all win when everyone gets to share in the American dream.
Now, if you want some proof, let me tell you this story. It뗩 a story of a woman named Freia David. Now, some of you may have read about Freia in the Boston Globe. I뗬e carried a copy of that article around with me because I loved it so much. Freia has Down syndrome. When she was 21, she got her first job, at the local McDonald뗩. Her mother was a little worried, as any mother would be. She wondered, would Freia be able to handle being independent? Could she handle the job? Would she even pass the sixmonth training program? Well, not everyone in her class passed, but Freia did. And then  then she excelled at that job for 32 years. Her colleagues loved her, and she loved them. The restaurant became such a home to her that she뗛 bring her family there on off days just to hang out.
Earlier this year, Freia began to show signs of earlyonset dementia. She knew that meant she had to stop working, but 32 years is a pretty good run, isn뗪 it? It broke her heart. One thing that made it a little better is the whole staff threw a party in her honor. Her family hoped a few people might show up. And in the end, nearly 100 people did: customers, colleagues and friends from over the years. The party lasted three hours. And at one point, one of Freia뗩 former managers asked for everyone뗩 attention. She turned to Freia, and she said, We love you. We appreciate you. We respect you. And we are all better people for having you in our lives.
My friends, after years of hard work and treating people right, isn뗪 that what we all want to hear? Isn뗪 that America at our best? We don뗪 thrive on tearing each other apart, or separating ourselves. We know we are stronger together. We believe in equality and dignity for all. And when we fall short, we strive to do better, not to blame and scapegoat but to improve ourselves, to move toward becoming that more perfect union that our founders hoped for. This election is a chance for us to move still closer to that goal, to make sure everyone can contribute to a growing and prospering America, to say loudly and clearly in this country, no one뗩 worthless, no one뗩 딻ess than. Were all of value. In the United States of America, the greatest country in the world, we believe everyone is created equal. And you know what else we believe? We all believe love trumps hate.
Thank you all.
Hello! Thank you! Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you so very much. Wow, what  what a wonderful welcome. It is great to be here in Fort Pierce in this beautiful theater. I love being in the Sunshine State. I really want to recognize a few people: U.S. Congresswoman Lois Frankel is here as you saw, Randy Perkins, a candidate for Congress, Kim Johnson, chair of the St. Lucie County Commission, Larry Lee Jr., state representative. Everyone, all of the elected officials, all of the students and young people, it is wonderful to be with you.
And I want to thank Eileen for her introduction. We know how hard that nurses like Eileen work, and now that she is retired, she is volunteering for our campaign. This woman never quit, and Eileen, we are so glad you are on our team.
I am grateful to all of the elected officials, all of the commissioners, the county commissioners, Martin County, St. Lucie, for all you do for the community, but especially for all you did this summer to clean up the algae that polluted the water, that threatened wildlife and made life hard for local residents and businesses. This is a serious and complicated problem, isn뗪 it, for the entire Treasure Coast. And it is a reminder, if we needed it, how important good leadership is. So, I thank all the leaders for their commitment.
Now, there are just 39 days between now and November 8th. Just 39 days left in the most important election in our lifetimes.
We뗬e got to make every single day count. We have to get more people registered to vote, get more people committed to turn out to vote. We have to drive home the stakes in this election: stronger families, safer communities and an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. And underneath all of the rhetoric and the coverage and the back and forth, this campaign really comes down to two questions. What kind of future we want for ourselves, our kids and our grandkids, and how do we make it a reality?
Now, as I said it the other night  how many of you saw the debate?
Well as I said, I now have two grandchildren, and no offense to anybody, the two most wonderful, amazing, extraordinary. A little girl and a little boy. So I think a lot about the future. And you may have noticed that my opponent and I have different views about  well, nearly everything when it gets right down to it  not just about what makes America great, because I think America already is great  but about what we should do to make it even greater, and about that basic question about how progress happens at all.
My opponent believes in what I call a 땁trongman approach. He stood on that stage at his convention and described a hopeless, broken nation. I am sorry, I am looking at you. I don뗪 see that. That in no way resembles the strong, vibrant America I know. And here뗩 what he said. He said, I alone can fix it. I alone?
Well, we have learned that that뗩 his way. One person getting supreme power and exercising it ruthlessly. That뗩 why he admires dictators like Vladimir Putin so much. But that뗩 not how change happens in America. It뗩 never just one person, not even someone as powerful as the president. Every good our country has ever achieved has always happened because people have worked together to make it a reality. Not just the wealthy or the powerful  all of us.
We see that every day across America, and I bet many of you have been a part of it. Maybe you taught kids to read, right? Or cleaned up your local park, or the beach, maybe you have organized a cancer walk, or you have run a food drive. Whatever it is, chances are you have done something to serve your community. And by extension, your country.
How many of you  just think back over your lives  how many of you have performed some kind of service of some sort for your community, for other people. The reason I know you have is because tens and tens of millions of Americans do some kind of volunteering in your hometowns every single year. It뗩 one of the best things about the American people. We are doers. We don뗪 just shrug our shoulders when we see something that needs fixing, we don뗪 get resigned or pathetic, or blame other people and turn on each other to find scapegoats. We roll up our sleeves, we get to work to try to make things better in our neighborhood, our community, our city, our state, our country.
This has been our story, the American story, since the beginning of our nation, and it is still going strong today. Now, for many Americans, including a lot of you here, serving our country has included serving in our Armed Forces.
People are starting to call out their services!
There is no greater service or sacrifice, and we are grateful to our men and women in uniform, to their families and our veterans every single day. But what뗩 so great is that national service can take many different forms, and it뗩 something that I believe in so deeply, that every stage of our lives gives us the chance, from grade school through grandparenthood, to find a way to give back.
We뗬e got folks here today from AmeriCorps, which my husband created back in 1993, and I뗣l tell you, to this day, it is one of his proudest achievements. Because very day, AmeriCorps volunteers are out there. Theyre building houses, responding to natural disasters, helping people with disabilities find jobs, find safe places to live, and next week, on October 7th, AmeriCorps will celebrate a major milestone: their onemillionth member. I뗣l tell you, Bill is really excited about this and so am I. And by the way, AmeriCorps has one of the best swearing in pledges I have ever heard. Here뗩 how it starts: I will get things done for America. Isn뗪 that great? I think we should make that a national slogan.
Now we also have folks here today from City Year, which is part of AmeriCorps. And every day, theyre working with students who are risk of dropping out of school. Theyre tutoring and mentoring and running after school clubs  all to help young people really discover how capable they really are and to be empowered and to stay in school. I뗤 really grateful to them.
We also have people here today from the Peace Corps, which represents the best of America to the world. Peace Corps volunteers are teaching English in Kosovo, staffing health centers in Nicaragua, supporting farmers in Nepal, distributing malaria nets in Uganda. Both as First Lady and as Secretary of State, I got to see the results of their work first hand. They are making the world a healthier, more prosperous and more peaceful place. Now, maybe not all of you have been a part of one of these programs, but I know you serve in different ways.
Maybe you volunteer through your school, or with your church or synagogue. Maybe you find through faithbased opportunities, as I did when I was a teenager, service opportunities. Because for many Americans, service is part of our faith. My running mate, Tim Kaine, volunteered in Honduras with Jesuits as a young man, and it changed his life. Or maybe your whole family volunteers together, Bill and Chelsea and I, every holiday season, would work at a food bank back in Arkansas. However you serve, it feels good, doesn뗪 it? To be part of something bigger than ourselves. To take our time and labor, and put it towards something good that can happen in our country and the world.
And you know something very interesting? Service makes us happier, it makes us healthier, and there are studies proving that. It뗩 not just how we feel, they뗬e actually followed people. It can also help us find our next job, or our true calling in life. It뗩 a smart way to use our greatest asset in life, our people. And service does something important for us as a society. Too often, we Americans can become separated from each other, and I think a lot of people are feeling this way during this election.
It뗩 easy to surround ourselves with only those that think like us, talk like us, look like us, read the same news as us, that뗩 understandable to an extent. But it comes with a cost because it magnifies our differences, which then makes it harder to put those differences aside when our community or country needs us. There aren뗪 many places where people of all ages, all races, all backgrounds, all beliefs come together in common cause. But service is one of them, and that뗩 one of the reasons I think it뗩 so valuable, because in addition to the good work it does, it helps us reconnect with each other to feel more a part of our shared American life.
I believe that one of the jobs of President is to encourage more service, to help more Americans answer President Kennedy뗩 call. You know it: Ask not what your country can do for you but what you can do for your country.
But sometimes it뗩 hard to figure out. How do you make a difference, especially with everything else going on in our lives? And too often volunteering becomes something only people with lots of time and financial security can do. But that뗩 not how it should be. Everyone should be able to contribute.
So what if we, as a country, made it easier for everybody to do that, for everybody to give back? What if we created more service opportunities for Americans of all ages, invested in programs that work and encouraged entrepreneurs to add a social component to their businesses? What if we strengthened the culture of service in America so it wasn뗪 just something that we did one day a year, but it became a regular part of our lives. I think that would reflect our values and would tap into something so great about America.
I talk a lot about how America is an exceptional nation. Were not exceptional just because of the size of our military or the size of our economy. Were exceptional because of the generosity and ingenuity of our people.
Way back, nearly 200 years ago, a Frenchman came to the United States, his name was Alexis de Tocqueville. He was travelling around, trying to figure out, What is this new place called America? They fought a revolution. Who are they? And he saw how we had set up our government, and we had three branches, and everything that our founders really put into place. But the thing that made the biggest impression on him was our spirit of volunteerism that made a democracy as diverse and ambitious as ours possible. If I뗤 elected president this fall, I want to build on that strength by making a major push in support of more national service. So here뗩 what I plan to do.
First, let뗩 triple AmeriCorps. That was the goal of my friend and the great Senator Ted Kennedy. It was laid out in a law named in his honor, the Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act. It뗩 finally time we get it done. Every year there are hundreds of thousands of more applications for AmeriCorps than there are spots in the program, so if we grow the program from 75,000 annual members to 250,000, were going to give more people who already want to serve the chance to do so.
Then I want to double the college scholarships that AmeriCorps members earn through their service, and I want to find ways for more students to get college credit for service because I know too many talented, committed young people who pass up serving with AmeriCorps because, with their student loans, they can뗪 afford it. So let뗩 lighten that burden. If you do national service, we will begin a program to forgive your loans, because you are giving back to your country. And let뗩 keep working to the ultimate goal of making it possible for any American to serve full time if they want to.
Now second, let뗩 grow the Peace Corps. Since President Kennedy launched it 55 years ago, it뗩 given nearly a quarter of a million Americans the experience of a lifetime, and it뗩 fostered friendship and cooperation between Americans and people in more than 100 nations. We뗬e got to do more of that in the world today. We need more Americans of all ages around the world showing our values, serving people. So let뗩 make it possible for more Americans to be a part of this extraordinary program.
Third, let뗩 expand service opportunities for people of all ages. Right? Now, let뗩 be fair, the younger generation is way ahead on this. I뗬e talked to so many young people who are deeply thoughtful about how your lives impact others and the world. Service isn뗪 just something to do to check a box before graduation, it really is woven into your lives. And many who are just getting started in your careers, say that having a social impact is more important to you than getting a job that yes, may pay a salary but doesn뗪 give you any meaning or purpose in your lives.
Now I also want to get older Americans more involved. Service isn뗪 something only students and young people do. I know that. So I intend to make sure that 10 percent of AmeriCorps slots go to Americans over the age of 55. Let뗩 give people an encore opportunity after they뗬e ended their formal careers so they can apply a lifetime of knowledge and experience to a stronger community.
And finally, I want to create a new means for people to serve in serious, meaningful ways without a full time commitment. AmeriCorps is a full time commitment. The Peace Corps is a full time commitment. The Armed Forces are a full time commitment. But the Armed Forces has another model. The Reserves  right? It gives people the chance to make a high impact contribution while still building careers and pursuing their dreams in other ways. So let뗩 do something like that in the civilian space. Let뗩 call it the National Service Reserve.
And here뗩 the idea. If you join the National Service Reserve, you will receive some basic training, just like you would in the military reserves, and then when your city or state needs you, you뗣l get the call. Say a natural disaster strikes and the Red Cross needs all hands on deck. Or maybe, like the crisis in Flint, and clean water has to be distributed every day to a lot of families. Or maybe your city launches a major public health campaign to reduce drug abuse or promote mental health. You will then be sent into action. Now some of these assignments maybe just be for a few days, a month, some might be longer term. But they will directly address a vital need in your own community.
And one of the other advantages is you can help meet that need while still being a fulltime student, having a job, taking care of your family. You won뗪 have to make service your only priority. Our goal is 5 million people spread across all 50 states, and we will have an open door to people of all ages, but we want to put a special focus on people under 30 who뗬e said again and again they want to have a bigger impact in their communities, but they can뗪 leave their jobs, understandably. We뗣l work with governors and mayors, Republicans and Democrats, because I want this to be a true bipartisan, publicprivate partnership.
I also want to include businesses, colleges and universities who have unique resources to offer. And because we want workers and students to know that as they make this contribution, their schools and their employers will have their backs. I really think a National Service Reserve could make a difference for cities and states. There뗩 so much work to be done and so many people who want to help do it. So let뗩 bridge that divide, get people working together in ways that can help communities.
Now, I don뗪 think you뗣l hear anything about this from my opponent. And you know what? I think that뗩 a shame, because national service has always been a bipartisan goal. Of course, President Kennedy started the Peace Corps and my husband started AmeriCorps  but President Nixon signed the Domestic Volunteer Service Act. President George H.W. Bush created the White House Office of National Service. And both President George W. Bush and President Obama have been huge champions of service. This should be something that we all can get behind. And when you listen to what뗩 being said in this campaign, it can be discouraging, right? It can seem hard to find any common ground so it makes it even more important that we come together where, whenever we can. Now, I am well aware that candidates don뗪 usually focus on national service in the final stretch of a hotly fought presidential election. Some might say, Well hey, my gosh, you뗬e only got 39 days to go. Why aren뗪 you just out there beating up on your opponent and doing everything to get the vote out and all the rest of it? Well, I뗣l do that, but  I뗬e been thinking about this for a long time, and I did not want this campaign to end without talking about it because it means a lot to me. I뗤 trying to end the campaign focusing on issues that are really close to my heart  and this is one of them.
Thank you!
For me, service is really all about fulfilling the instruction of my Methodist faith, and you can see part of the creed I like to follow behind me: Do all the good you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as long as ever you can. Now, I뗬e carried those words with me ever since I heard them as a little girl, and it뗩 an idea that really got into my head and my heart. But you know what뗩 kept me going are the people that I뗬e met. And in a country founded on liberty and equality, I can뗪 think of a more important notion than every one of us is valuable. We all deserve respect. We all should listen to each other. We all can make our mark on the world. And when we come together in common purpose, we can do so much more than we could ever do on our own.
That뗩 why Stronger Together is more than just a slogan. It뗩 a course of action. So here뗩 what I want to do. I want you to hear me pledge that this will be a vital aspect of my presidency. And I want you to help me bring our nation together  to solve our problems, strengthen our communities. To join with people across America who care about service, because this speaks to both what is great and good about the United States. America is great because we are good. There are lots of examples. We are going to be putting examples up on my website of people who have served and who are inspirations. But I want everybody here to know that it can be done. We can do more, and we can provide the opportunities to enlist more people.
There are so many examples in this community and communities across America  39 days left. This is the choice: do we lift each other up, or do we tear each other down? Do we listen and respect each other, or do we scapegoat, point fingers, and insult each other? Well, I뗣l tell you what side I뗤 going to be on, and with your help, were going to demonstrate on November 8th, what kind of country we really are.
Thank you and God bless you!
Good evening. This is the day the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it. President Young, pastors, friends, I뗤 very grateful for this great chance to be with you during your week of convention. I뗤 especially pleased to see my friend, the mayor of this great city. He is someone who, if you haven뗪 gotten to know, I hope you do. Thank you, Mayor Sly James. I was also delighted to greet, on the way in, the new Jackson County executive, Major League baseball star and allaround good guy Frank White , who has done such an incredible amount of good work on the field and now off the field.
I want to thank all of you  Dr. Miles, Dr. Brown, all our friends from this city and this state, for hosting us. I want to acknowledge on a personal point Dr. Shaw, celebrating 60 years as pastor of the White Rock Baptist Church. When I saw him tonight, I kidded him and said he started when he was 2. I뗤 sure there뗩 a law against that, Dr. Shaw. Dr. McKinney, Dr. Brown, all the members of the executive board, and state presidents.
Now, I know that Reverend Jackson was with you on Monday, and Congressman Cleaver was with you on Tuesday. So talk about two tough acts to follow. But they are both dear, longstanding friends of mine. And I am honored to be on this same stage as so many distinguished leaders.
Now, I happen to be a born and raised Methodist, but I뗬e been married to a Southern Baptist for more than 40 years. And from Arkansas to New York  friends, from Arkansas. John, they뗬e got friends from Arkansas here  but across this great country, you뗬e welcomed me into your congregations with open arms and open hearts. And I am grateful for the friendship, support, and Christian hospitality I have found there. As pastors, as spouses of pastors, families of pastors, you know better than anyone the importance of building relationships of trust and respect. And I am sure some of you are sick and tired of politicians who think they can just show up at election time, say a few nice words, and then earn your support. Right?
Well, you and your congregations deserve better than that. You deserve a sustained commitment to expanding opportunity, equity, and justice, not just for two or four years, not just when the cameras are on and people are watching, but every single day. And you know better than anyone that people who look at the African American community and see only poverty, crime, and despair are missing so much. Theyre missing the vibrancy of blackowned businesses, the excellence of historically black colleges and universities. Theyre missing the success of black leaders in every field, and the passion of a new generation of young black activists. And yes, they are missing the strength of the black church, the solid rock on which so much is built.
Well, I see you. I see the work you do and the lives you change. And today I want to say something that you don뗪 hear often enough: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for answering the charge given to us by Jesus, as Matthew records, to feed the hungry, clothe the naked, visit the sick, welcome the stranger. Thank you for loving all people, especially the least, the last, and the lost among us.
And you know so well were not asked to love each other, not urged or requested. We are commanded to love. Indeed, Jesus made it his greatest commandment. When I used to teach the occasional Sunday School class, I often taught on that lesson. That뗩 a hard commandment to obey. Some days it뗩 really hard for me. But in so many ways, all of you have answered that call.
I뗬e been privileged to see your love in action with my own eyes. I뗬e seen the love at Mount Zion Missionary Baptist Church in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Pastor Damian Epps and his congregation collected tens of thousands of water bottles to send to families in Flint, Michigan suffering from water poisoned with lead. Because they remembered that eight years before, when the Mississippi River rose up and flooded Eastern Iowa, others came to their aid. As Pastor Epps said, they are fellow Americans. They are human beings. We should want to reach out and help. And he뗩 right. That ethic is at the core of our Christian faith. And we all have work together to make sure every child in America has clean water to drink, clean air to breathe, and good schools, no matter what zip code they live in.
I뗬e seen the love at Tabernacle Community Baptist Church in Milwaukee. Reverend Don Darius Butler has helped organize gun buyback programs because none of us can sit back while the epidemic of gun violence ravages our communities and our country. It is, as you know, by far the leading cause of death for young black men, more than the next nine causes of death combined. And I promise you this: As president, I뗣l stand with you in the fight for commonsense gun safety reforms.
I뗬e seen the love at the Triumph Baptist Church in Philadelphia where Reverend James Hall, guided by what he calls the three E뗩 of evangelism, education, and economic development, has been led to set up a credit union to help people in the community overlooked or ignored by the banks so they can get a small business loan, save for college, or put something away for retirement. They뗬e helped build a supermarket in a neighborhood that hadn뗪 seen one in more than 10 years. And theyre reaching out beyond the pews to help families live safe, healthy, prosperous lives.
I뗬e seen the love at Dexter Avenue King Memorial Baptist Church in Montgomery, Alabama. It was an honor to join Reverend Cromwell Handy and his congregation last December to celebrate the 60th anniversary of Rosa Parks courageous action against segregation.
And by the way, Rosa Parks may have opened up every seat on the bus; now it뗩 our job to create good jobs so everyone can afford the fare and they can actually get bus routes to reach every neighborhood that connects them with safe, affordable housing and good jobs.
As president, I will be your partner in this work of translating love into action. Together we뗣l make transformative investments in communities that have been left out and left behind for far too long  from our neglected inner cities to struggling rural communities.
We뗣l work with both parties to make the biggest investment in good new jobs since World War II, including $20 billion to tackle the challenge of youth unemployment, which is twice as high for young African Americans as it is for young white Americans.
We뗣l 락an the box, and do more to help people who뗬e paid their debt to society find jobs and housing when they get out.
And we will embrace Congressman Jim Clyburn뗩 102030 plan  steering 10 percent of federal investments to neighborhoods where 20 percent of the population has been living below the poverty line for 30 years. That뗩 a great idea whose time has come, and we can translate it into reality.
Together, we뗣l face headon systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system from endtoend. Because everyone in every community should have respect for the law and be respected by the law.
We뗣l beat back the assault on voting rights. It is a blast from the Jim Crow past that must be stopped. We should be expanding voting rights instead.
The best way to stand up to those who are trying to prevent any person from exercising his or her vote is to register and show up and vote against them and make sure your vote counts loudly and clearly.
There뗩 so much we can do if we keep love in our hearts as we do the noble work of breaking down barriers that hold Americans back.
Now, as you well know, were in the final stretch of an election that may be the most consequential of our lifetimes  an election in which all of these issues and so many more are at stake. Our nation뗩 values are being questioned in this election.
We are facing a candidate with a long history of racial discrimination in his business   who traffics in toxic conspiracy theories like the lie that President Obama is not a true American.
If he doesn뗪 even respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans?
So we must keep calling him out and rejecting the hateful, bigoted rhetoric that seeks to pit Americans one against each other, and continue making the case in every way for our vision of an America that is 랍tronger together. An America where all our children have the choice to live up to their Godgiven potential, no matter where they come from, or what they look like, or what the circumstances of their lives have been.
I have laid out my vision and my agenda. In fact, Senator Kaine and I have just published a book called Stronger Together that lays it out clearly so you know what youre voting for, not just against. And were going to get the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top; how were going to have more jobs and infrastructure, advanced manufacturing, clean renewable energy; how were going to do more to help small businesses. The fastestgrowing segment of small business in America today are small businesses started by African American women. I want to be a small business president to help everyone willing to take the chance. And were going to make the economy fairer. We are going to raise the national minimum wage. No one who works full time should be mired in poverty at the end of a long, hard year.
And yes, we are finally going to guarantee equal pay for women뗩 work so that we raise family incomes and provide the respect that comes from being paid what you are entitled to earn. And were going to make education work for every child  early childhood education, universal prekindergarten. I want to bring technical education back into high school. It was a mistake when we took all of that vocational education out of our high schools. I want every young person who wants to go to college to be able to go to college, but I want every young person who wants to do a good day뗩 work in a job that builds America  the machinists, the tool and die makers, the computer coders  I want them to feel they are just as welcome and wanted. And were going to make college affordable for everybody. And I have a $25 billion plan specifically focused on historically black colleges and universities that served our nation and provide the leaders of the next generation.
And were going to help you pay down your student debt. It is way past time. And let뗩 make sure health care is free  is available, affordable, of high quality for everybody. And we뗬e got to get the cost of prescription drugs down and we have to do more to help with mental health and addiction, two problems I hear about across our country, which I know you hear about in your churches.
So we have a lot of work to do, and were going to keep working to earn every vote and never take any community or any person for granted. Tim Kaine and I have launched a nationwide drive to register and commit 3 million Americans to vote by Election Day, and I hope you will be part of it. This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines.
Today, for a few minutes, I want to leave aside the politics and do something that doesn뗪 always come naturally to a Midwestern Methodist; that is, to talk about my own faith, how it led me to a life of service, how it will guide me as president. Sometimes people ask me, ㄹre you a praying person? And I tell me if I wasn뗪 one before  whoo, one week living in the White House or on the campaign trail would have turned me into a praying person.
But I had the great blessing to be raised by a family and a church that instilled in me a deep and abiding Christian faith and practice. I still remember my late father  a gruff former Navy man  on his knees praying by his bed every night. That made a big impression on me as a young girl, seeing him humble himself before God.
My mother taught Sunday school in our church, partly she said because she wanted to make sure that my brothers actually showed up at Sunday school when they walked out the door. Her faith was rooted in gratitude for the love that helped her survive a painful childhood after her own family abandoned and mistreated her. She was sustained by the kindness of others, like the first grade teacher who saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share.
My mother was determined to pay that kindness forward. And she really liked the Wesleyan credo of our church, Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can, as long as ever you can. I was also so blessed to have a remarkable youth minister who believed, like John Wesley, the founder of Methodism, that the world is my parish. He told us  these young white kids in a suburban area of Chicago  you can뗪 just be satisfied in your own church, in your own middleclass life; were going into the inner city of Chicago, were going into church basements for fellowship with young people your age from African American churches and Hispanic churches. That was the first time I was in a black church, when I was a teenager.
He took us to hear Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., speak. He sent home the permission slips whether we could get in the church van to go into Chicago on a Sunday night to hear Dr. King, and some of the parents wouldn뗪 let their kids go. My mother said this is a historic opportunity. I remember, remember hearing Dr. King preach one of those wellknown sermons, staying awake during the revolution, and then I stood in line with everybody in that big hall just to shake his hand and look into his eye.
His words, the power of his example, affected me deeply and added to the lessons of my minister to face the world as it is, not as we might want it to be, but to commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be.
So thanks to my family and my church, I embraced an activist social justice faith, a rollupyoursleeves and getyourhandsdirty faith. As St. Francis of Assisi reportedly advised, Try to preach the gospel always, and if necessary use words. The scripture tells us that faith without works is dead. The Epistle of James tells us we cannot just be hearers of the Word, we must be doers. And I believe that with all my heart. I am grateful for the gift of personal salvation and for the great obligation of a social gospel. To use the gift of grace wisely, to reflect the love of God and follow the example of Jesus Christ to the greater good of God뗩 beloved community.
That뗩 what led me to devote my life in the ways that I could to serving others, especially children. I went to work right out of law school for the great Marian Wright Edelman the daughter of a Baptist minister from Bennettsville, South Carolina, and the founder of the Children뗩 Defense Fund. She sent me door to door in New Bedford, Massachusetts on behalf of children with disabilities who weren뗪 able at that time to attend public school, to South Carolina to investigate the plight of 12 and 13yearold boys imprisoned alongside grown men who had committed serious felonies, and to Alabama to expose the racism of segregated academies. I went undercover to Alabama all by myself. Marian just said, Well, you just have to go do it. And I did.
Now, it would have been easier and certainly more remunerative to follow many of my law school classmates to a highpowered New York law firm, but the call to service rooted in my faith was just too powerful. For me, it has always been about trying to live up to the responsibility described by the Prophet Micah that we do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly with our God.
Humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? But we should. None of us is perfect. St. Paul reminds us we all see through a glass darkly and for now only know in part. It뗩 because of that, because of the limitations we all face, that faith requires a leap, the conviction of things unseen. It뗩 because of our limitations and imperfections that we must reach out beyond ourselves, to God and to each other. It isn뗪 easy, but I have learned to be grateful not just for my blessings but also for my faults  and there are plenty! I뗬e made my share of mistakes. I don뗪 know anyone who hasn뗪. Everyone here today has stumbled on their own stony paths. It뗩 grace that lifts us up, and grace that leads us home.
But it뗩 also our job to learn from our mistakes; to do all we can to do better next time, and to stay grateful. To live by the 띿iscipline of gratitude. Our Christian faith is a journey that never ends. It뗩 a constant challenge to live up to our own hopes and ideals. To love and forgive others as we want to be loved and forgiven ourselves. You know, as President Obama reminded us, seeking high office is, by definition, an act of audacity. And yet, our greatest leaders are often the most humble. Because they recognize both the awesome responsibilities of power and the frailties of human action.
I뗬e sat in the Situation Room with President Obama, weighing conflicting advice and imperfect information, wrestling with the hardest choices a leader can make: whether to send our young men and women into harm뗩 way, knowing that some of them will never return. There뗩 nothing more humbling than that. Nothing that should drive you to your knees more than that. That뗩 why in this time of both peril and promise, we need a President who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone. A President who understands we have to look out for each other and lift each other up, not tear each other down.
That뗩 what we need to do together: invest in our people, believe in each other, create the jobs and the schools and the opportunities for young people, so that they believe that we care about them. Send our children to schools that reflect their promise, not our neglect. Make sure every child is given the healthcare he or she needs, whether it is for an ailment of the body or the mind. Stand ready to lift each other up when we fall, as we will. Give those who have made mistakes a second, third chance. Our faith is a faith of second and third and fourth and fifth chances for those who genuinely are seeking redemption.
And we need a President who understands the powerful role that faith  and communities of faith  have always played in moving our country toward justice, from the abolitionists of the 19th century, to the civil rights movement of the 20th century, to the unfinished business of today. A President who will pray with you, and for you, who will defend the dignity of every individual, and the principle of religious freedom that was woven into the moral fabric of our nation from the very beginning. Yes, we need a President who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly with our God.
My friends, one of the greatest privileges of this campaign has been getting to know a remarkable group of women who뗬e lost children to gun violence or police incidents. Theyre known as the Mothers of the Movement, and their hearts may be broken, but their souls shine thorough. I뗣l never forget listening to Gwen Carr, the mother of Eric Garner, describe the mission these mothers feel called to lead. We were at the Central Baptist Church in Columbia, South Carolina, pastored by Reverend Ricky Ray Ezell, Sr.
I wish you all could have heard her  Gwen was as eloquent as any preacher. She recalled the pain of losing her son. She said, at first, she couldn뗪 even get out of bed. But then, she said, The Lord talked to me, and told me, ㄸre you going to lay here and die like your son, or are you going to get up and uplift his name?뙉 She realized in that moment that none of us can rest as long as there are others out there to be saved. And that her voice could move people to action. And then the said this: I had to turn my sorrow into a strategy, my mourning into a movement,
Gwen hasn뗪 stopped working since, bringing more and more allies to the cause of peace and justice. Because she knows, in a way, that tragedy and profound loss can teach us that we are stronger together than we could ever be alone. Gwen and the other Mothers of the Movement are living what the Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart. Those are words we all should live by. And if I have the great honor of serving as your President, these are words that I will lead by. Thank you all and may God bless you.
Hello! Whoa, it is so great to be here. Thank you all so much. And I was backstage listening to Jordan Polk뗩 story, and it was just so powerful and moving, and her ability to stand up here, talk about her personal family experience, coming out of Katrina, staying strong, moving forward, being a student here at Johnson C. Smith University. I am so excited.
I want to thank her and I want to thank Dr. Carter. Thank you for welcoming us here. You have welcomed two Clintons in the last year. There뗩 something about this place that has attracted both my husband and myself. I apologize for being late. We had a disabled airplane on the runway that had to get moved. It took a lot longer than expected. But I뗬e been looking forward to joining all of you here in Charlotte.
I want to recognize and thank your mayor, Mayor Jennifer Roberts. There you are. Thank you, Mayor Roberts. I want to thank Trevor Fuller, chair of the Mecklenburg County Commission. I want to acknowledge Josh Stein, candidate for attorney general. And to all of you gathered here today.
It is 61 days until the election. And I think it뗩 so appropriate to be here in the great state of North Carolina   at a really wellrenowned H  you know what I뗤 saying?  HBCU, historically black college and university. That, like so many others, has played such an important role in our country뗩 history, producing some of America뗩 finest leaders. And I am very proud. I was just doing a phone call on the way here with a lot of my young organizers on college campuses across our country, and I got a question from a young woman at another historical black college and university  Fayetteville. And I told her that I have a plan to help all of you afford to go to college. I have a plan to help all of you with student debt to pay it down and pay it off. And I have a special plan of a $25 billion fund specifically aimed at supporting HBCUs. Because we need a lot of opportunities for young people from everywhere. It shouldn뗪 matter what you look like, where youre from, or who you love. You deserve to be in college if that is your choice.
So right now were up and running, were organizing across America, and as Jordan said, this election has such high stakes, but the highest stakes are for young people. Young people across America. This election is going to determine in so many ways what kind of futures you will have. I don뗪 say that lightly. Everybody always says every election is important, and I happen to believe that. I think it뗩 one of the great gifts of our democracy that we have the opportunity to choose our leaders. And people  brave people  going back for so many years have fought to preserve that right. And that right is under attack right now, and it is under attack in North Carolina, of all places, a state that often set the standard for moving everybody into the future, and I admired that so much  emphasis on education from literally preschool through college; emphasis on research; emphasis on job creation and innovation. And now North Carolina, under the current governor and legislature, has been trying to restrict people뗩 right to vote. Well, you know it. North Carolina voters, though, won an important victory when a federal court just struck down this state뗩 voter ID law. And the federal court brought back more days of what뗩 called onestop early voting. And here뗩 what the court said  this is not me talking. This is what the federal court said. The court said the North Carolina law was designed to target African American 랑ith almost surgical precision.
Now, that뗩 not just happening in North Carolina, unfortunately. It뗩 happening across America. And courts have been overturning restrictions that make it harder not just for African Americans but lowincome people, Latinos, young people. One of the provisions in the North Carolina law was to make it really hard to vote where you go to school. So this has been a concerted effort to undermine the right to vote, even to make it hard for people with disabilities to cast ballots. Well, what뗩 the best way to repudiate that kind of underhanded, meanspirited effort to deprive people of their votes? Get out and vote and make it clear were not putting up with that.
These laws are a blast from the Jim Crow past, and they have no place in 21st century America. We should be doing everything we can to make it easier to vote, not harder. That뗩 why if I뗤 elected president, I will work to expand early voting. We will enact universal voter registration so every young person in every state is automatically registered to vote when you turn 18. And we will repair the damage done to the Voting Rights Act and take on discrimination in all forms.
Now, HB2 is another example of trying discriminate against people that doesn뗪 have any place in our modern society. You뗬e seen this firsthand in North Carolina. Discrimination is not only wrong, it뗩 bad for business. The NBA, you know, cancelled the game. PayPal cancelled bringing, I think, 400 jobs. Others are not coming to this beautiful state because they don뗪 want to be associated with the discriminatory, bigoted policies of your governor and legislature. Now, one thing you can do about that is change your governor in November. And while youre at it, change one of your Senators. Were going to need reinforcements up in Washington. We got a big agenda.
And people say to me, well, what is it youre going to try to get done? Well, I뗣l show you real easy. We just published a book. Right? Tim Kaine and I put this book out. It뗩 called Stronger Together. It뗩 not very long. Not a hard read. But we have this oldfashioned idea that if were asking you to support us for president, we ought to tell you what were going to do. Not just bluster. Not just empty words. Not just demagogic rhetoric. Real plans that will improve your lives, make our country safer and better. So you could pick this up.
Were going to build an economy that works for everybody, not just those at the top. Sounds like a good idea. Were going to make the biggest investment in goodpaying jobs since World War II  infrastructure, advanced manufacturing, clean energy jobs. Were going to make the economy fairer, raise the national minimum wage, get people who work fulltime out of poverty. And we are finally going to guarantee equal pay for women뗩 work. It is long overdue.
Did any of you see any of the Democratic convention? Well, I don뗪 know. You might have missed one of my favorite sets of speakers. We had these two young people from Kansas, 17 years old, young man, young woman. I뗛 read this, and I said, let뗩 contact these young people and find out their story. Here뗩 their story. Seventeen. Had the same summer job. Knew each other, working in a pizza restaurant. And they were pretty excited. I remember when I got my first real job, not babysitting but actually showing up at a job and having to do it.
And so one day, after they finished work, they were talking, and the young woman said, I think, making $8 an hour, I should be able to at least save something for college. And the young man, a friend of hers, said, Well, I뗤 making $8.15 an hour. And she said, Well, why are you making 15 cents more an hour than I am? Neither of us had any experience to do this job. Were the same age. He said, Well, I don뗪 know. That doesn뗪 sound right. Maybe there was a mistake. So they go to the manager. They tell the manager. And the manager fired them both. And you know what? That뗩 legal. If you find out youre not being paid the same for doing the same job, you can be fired. So this is not some madeup problem. And this would raise family incomes. And if you have a mother, a wife, a daughter, or a sister who뗩 working, it뗩 your issue. So were going to get that done as well.
And like I said, were going to make college affordable for everybody, pay down debt. But were going to do something else. I think it was a mistake when we got rid of all vocational education in high school. It needed to be improved, don뗪 get me wrong. It wasn뗪 training people for the jobs that were out in the marketplace any more. But we got rid of all of it. We need technical education in high school. We need more apprenticeship programs where young people can learn and earn at the same time. And were going to go back to emphasizing that in high school, community colleges, apprenticeship programs, creative ideas like coding camps. Were going to have 1.4 million jobs in 2020 for people who have computer science skills, and were going to only, if we continue on our present path, only have 400,000 Americans prepared to do those jobs. I want those jobs to be American jobs. So were going to help train people of all ages to be able to do those jobs.
We are also going to defend quality affordable health care for everybody, but were going to get the costs down. Were going to get the costs of prescription drugs down for sure. And were going to emphasize two things that we have fallen short on, mental health and addiction services. People I뗬e met here in North Carolina and across America talk to me about that all the time. So again, we뗬e got our ideas in here. We want you to engage with us, give us your ideas. This needs to be an ongoing conversation. We want you to hold us accountable when were in that White House trying to do all of this.
But we also have to keep America safe. And we have to lead the world with steadiness and strength. One of the biggest differences in this campaign is Donald Trump basically says, I alone can fix it, we have it is. Think of who that leaves out. That leaves out our troops on the front line. It leaves out our police and fire responders to emergencies. It leaves out our teachers, our educators who are working to help young people. It leaves out everybody. I alone can fix it? I was raised to believe that were in this together, and together we can fix it. And that is exactly what were going to do.
That뗩 why Tim Kaine and I are running a campaign of issues, not insults. Donald Trump has a different approach. He wants to build an economy that works even better for himself, starting with a $4 billion tax cut for his own family. He뗩 built a career on stiffing workers, mom and pop contractors, small businesses that did jobs for him and the he refused to pay them. I take this very personally. My father was a small businessman. That뗩 how he provided a good middle class living for us.
He printed drapery fabrics. He would get the fabric and roll it out on these big long tables, and you뗛 take a silkscreen and you뗛 put it down. You뗛 dump the paint in. You뗛 take the squeegee. You뗛 go across. You뗛 lift it up. You뗛 go down to the end of one table, start on the other end of the other table. And you뗛 do it until the job was done. Sometimes I was there helping him. And then he would load the fabric into his car and he would deliver it. I tell you what, I am so grateful he never had a contract with Donald Trump뗩 businesses.
In fact, I just ran across a story in Las Vegas when I was there a few weeks ago of a small drapery business who got what they thought was the greatest contract ever for Trump뗩 new hotel in Las Vegas. They delivered the goods, and they were refused payment, for no reason other than it뗩 a game to him. Everything is a game. It뗩 like he뗩 living in his own celebrity reality TV program. You know what, Donald? This is real reality. This is real people. This is real decisions that have to be made for our country.
He actually stood on a debate stage and said wages are too high in America. Now, he뗩 got some new advisors. He뗩 had a bunch of advisors. He뗩 got some new advisors. And theyre all trying to make him look more presidential. Sound more serious. It뗩 not working too well. But remember what Maya Angelou, who spent the last years of her life right here in this state at Wake Forest, reminded all of us. I think about it often. I was so privileged to know her. When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
You know, stronger together also means working with our true allies and partners around the world, and last night I offered some thought about ISIS, Iran, how were going to reform the VA system to take better care of our vets. And just since last night, when I appeared on that program backtoback with Trump, just in the last 24 hours, more retired generals and admirals have signed up to support my campaign.
People who have sacrificed and spent their lives protecting our country, valuing what makes us exceptional and already great, see Donald Trump and know he should not be anywhere near the White House. He is temperamentally unfit to be president and commanderinchief.
Now, tomorrow I will hold a meeting of bipartisan, bipartisan which is what I want to get us back to where Republicans and Democrats work together to make the changes to protect our country. I뗤 going to be meeting with a bipartisan group of leaders and experts to focus more on these crucial challenges, but it뗩 hard to forget what Trump did last night. It was a test and he failed it. He trashtalked about America뗩 generals saying that they뗬e been quote reduced to rubble. He suggested he would fire them all and handpick his own generals since he knows so much about what it takes to be a general.
He attacked dozens of former flag officers. At the same time, and here뗩 what I want you to really hear, because even I was shocked by this and I didn뗪 know much could shock me coming out of his mouth anymore, he praised Russia뗩 strongman Vladimir Putin, even taking the astonishing step of suggesting he prefers the Russian president to our American president. That is not just unpatriotic, it뗩 not just insulting to the office and the man who holds the office, it is scary; it is dangerous. It actually suggests he will let Putin do what Putin wants and even make excuses for him.
I said this morning  I was trying to think about what other presidents would be imagining hearing that coming out of the nominee for the Republican Party. What would Ronald Reagan say about a Republican nominee who attacks America뗩 generals and heaps praise on Russia뗩 president?
We뗬e never seen anything like this. And one thing you didn뗪 hear from him was any plan to take on ISIS, one of the biggest threats facing our country. He says his plan is still a secret. Well, the truth is he doesn뗪 have a plan. I served on the Senate Armed Services Committee. I served as Secretary of State as you know. I respect the men and women who put their lives on the line for the country that I love and that I believe in.
So whether youre passionate about more good jobs, better education, healthcare, whether youre passionate about protecting our country and the brave men and women who serve us, you have to realize, as so many Republicans are, that this is a time to put country over party. I would be saying that even if I were not running against him. We have never been threatened as much by a single candidate running for president as we have been in this election.
As your commanderinchief, I will not trash our country뗩 most cherished values, I will defend them. And that is especially on my mind because this weekend is the 15th anniversary of 9/11. I was a senator serving, and I will never forget the horror of that day or the bravery of our first responders, the victims, the survivors, people I had the honor to work with and represent. It뗩 what kept me really so passionately involved on behalf of the people that I served all during those years.
And that is what I was thinking of 10 years later in the White House Situation Room. I was part of the small group advising President Obama whether or not the intelligence we had was good enough to take a chance to go deep into Pakistan to try to finally bring Osama bin Laden to justice. It was not an easy choice by any means. These never are. That뗩 why who sits at the head of that table in the Situation Room has to be able to sort out fact from opinion, has to be able to ask the hard questions, pursue even the most difficult leads. We went through that hour after hour after hour. And then the President went around the table asking each of us what we advised, and we were split because it was not some kind of easy layup. I believed it was strong enough that we needed to take action, and I supported taking action that would determine whether or not we were successful. That meant sending in Special Forces.
Now, you know what happened. I was in that Situation Room watching that day  the most stressful 30 minutes of my life probably because you remember one of the helicopters hit its tail on the wall going into the courtyard and became disabled. That meant  thank goodness there were good contingency plans, but you had to get another helicopter in to take out the SEALs who would no longer be able to fly out on that one. But here뗩 what I want to tell you because it is a story that to me illustrates our values in such a clear, unambiguous way. You뗬e heard Donald Trump say he would order our troops to torture. You뗬e heard him say he would order our troops to kill family members of terrorists. You would know that he was advocating illegal actions against our own laws as well as the laws of war. Thank goodness there뗩 a code of honor in our military stronger than the bluster and the bullying of Donald Trump because here is what happened on that night.
Every single second counted. That helicopter had to be blown up, but before it was  and remember the SEALs had gone in, they had taken out the two Kuwaitis, the bodyguards, they뗛 taken out bin Laden뗩 son who was there, and they took out bin Laden. They had to get his body out. They had to get themselves out, but here뗩 what they did first. They rounded up all the women and children, members of terrorist families, they took them outside as far from the helicopter as they could get them in order that they would not be hurt. That, Donald Trump, is what American honor looks like, and that is what were going to stand up and defend in the face of your outrageous, disgraceful attacks on the men and women of our armed forces.
Were going to unify this country, my friends. We are going to bring us back together. We are going to get things done, big things. That뗩 who we are as Americans. I can뗪 do any of this unless you join me in this campaign. You can start by going to HillaryClinton.com or texting 랅oin, join, to 47246. You can knock on doors. You can make phone calls. Register your friends to vote. Attend a house party in your neighborhood. Were going to keep asking for your help over these next two months. There is so much at stake in North Carolina and in America. No one can sit on the sidelines. The stakes are high for everyone. Join the campaign. Let뗩 build a future where were stronger together. Thank you.
Thank you! Thank you so much. I have to tell you, I am thrilled to be here for a number of reasons.
First, it뗩 wonderful to be back in Michigan. You can really feel the energy and dynamism that is driving this state뗩 comeback.
And in Detroit, we뗬e got new businesses that are opening. Neighborhoods like Midtown and Eastern Market are coming back. The auto industry just had its best year ever.
Over in Ann Arbor, high tech firms are thriving. The next generation of engineers are getting trained up in Houghton. And here at Futuramic  so well named  you are on the front lines of what I believe will be a true manufacturing renaissance in America.
And I just was given a short, but exciting, tour by Mark Jurcak and John Couch, who were telling me about how this company was started as, and for most of its early history, was an auto supply company. And then in 2000 as the market began to change and some of the auto companies began to realign, they were faced with a choice.
We all face choices in life, don뗪 we? And this company could have just said, Hey, you know, our business is not going to be what it was, we뗬e got to just fold up, let뗩 just kind of quit.
But that뗩 not what happened here, and what happened here is what can happen across America. You are in now, what is largely an aerospace company. And because of the work force and the work ethic and the commitment of Futuramic, you are seeing the future unfold. So I got to see what뗩 happening here to help build the SLS rocket that is going to go from Macomb to Mars.
I saw the two halves of an F35 nose cone waiting to be put together. I talked with some of the workers about the absolute perfection that is required to do this work. And what I believe with all my heart, is that what뗩 happening here can happen in so many places if we put our minds to it. If we support advanced manufacturing. If we are the kind of country that once again understands how important it is the build things.
We are builders and we need to get back to building!
So were making progress, none of us can be satisfied until the economic revitalization were seeing in some parts of Michigan reaches every community. But it is inspiring to see this combination of oldfashioned hard work and cuttingedge innovation.
And I know my opponent in this election was here in Michigan about a week ago, and it was like he was in a different place. When he visited Detroit on Monday, he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime. He뗩 missing so much about what makes Michigan great.
And the same is true when it comes to our country. He describes America as an embarrassment. He said 느nd I quote  Were becoming a thirdworld country. Look around you, my friends. Go visit with the workers building rockets. That doesn뗪 happen in third world countries.
Now we have a lot of urgent and important work to do  and that뗩 what I뗤 going to talk about today  because all the people that I뗬e met in this campaign really prove how wrong this negative, pessimistic view is. America뗩 best days are still ahead of us if we make up our minds to actually go out and make that happen.
Just consider our assets: We have the most dynamic, productive workforce in the world, bar none. We have the most innovative businesses. The top colleges, universities, community colleges, training programs in the world. And the best science and technology. We have enormous capacity for clean energy production.
We are resilient, determined, hardworking. There is nothing America can뗪 do  if we do it together. And I know this because this is how I was raised.
And I don뗪 think Mr. Trump understands any of it. He hasn뗪 offered any credible solutions for the very real economic challenges we face.
Those challenges emerged long before the Great Recession, and they have persisted through our recovery. There is too much inequality, too little upward mobility. It is just too hard to get ahead today.
But there are commonsense things that your government could do that would give Americans more opportunities to succeed. Why don뗪 we do it? Because powerful special interests and the tendency to put ideology ahead of political progress have led to gridlock in Congress.
How can you not be frustrated, and even angry, when you see nothing getting done? And a lot of people feel no one is on their side and no one has their back and that is not how it뗩 supposed to be in America. If I am fortunate enough to be your President, I will have your back every single day that I serve. My mission in the White House will be to make our economy work for everyone, not just those at the top.
This is personal for me. I am the product of the American middle class, I was born in Chicago, I was raised in a suburb. But my grandfather worked at the Scranton lace mill in Scranton, Pennsylvania, for 50 years. And because he worked hard, my Dad was able to go to college, and eventually start his own small business  and then send me out into the world to follow my dreams.
No matter how far those dreams have taken me, I have always remembered, I뗤 the daughter of a smallbusiness owner and the granddaughter of a factory worker  and proud of both.
So here뗩 what I want. I want every American family to be able to tell the same story. If you work hard, you do your part, you should be able to give your children all the opportunities they deserve. That is the basic bargain of America.
Now whether we will be able to renew that bargain on even better terms for the 21st century depends in large measure, on the outcome of this election.
So here are four questions that I hope the American people will ask of both candidates  and that the answers should make your choice in November crystal clear:
First, which candidate has a real plan to create goodpaying jobs?
Second, who will restore fairness to our economy and ensure that those at the top pay their fair share of taxes?
Third, who will really go to bat for working families?
And fourth, who can bring people together to deliver results that will make a difference in your lives?
Now I hope that after giving a fair hearing to both sides, you will join the millions of people across our country supporting this campaign  not just Democrats, but a growing number of Republicans and Independents as well.
Now when it comes to creating jobs, I would argue it뗩 not even close. Even conservative experts say Trump뗩 agenda will pull our economy back into recession.
And according to an independent analysis by a former economic advisor to Senator John McCain, if you add up all of Trump뗩 ideas  from cutting taxes for the wealthy and corporations, to starting a trade war with China, to deporting millions of hardworking immigrants  the result would be a loss of 3.4 million jobs.
By contrast, the same analyst found that with our plans, the economy would create more than 10 million new jobs.
So let me tell you how we would do that. I believe every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride and decent pay that can support a family.
So starting on Day One, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, goodpaying jobs since World War II.
We will put Americans to work building and modernizing our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, our railways, our ports, our airports.
We are way overdue for this, my friends. We are living off the investments that were made by our parents and grandparents generations.
We will also help cities like Detroit and Flint connect underserved neighborhoods to opportunity, expanding affordable housing, and we will repair schools and failing water systems as well. You know, I happen to think we should be ambitious: while were at it, let뗩 connect every household in America to broadband by the year 2020.
It뗩 astonishing to me how many places in America, not way, way far away from cities, but in cities and near cities that don뗪 have access to broadband. And that disadvantages kids who are asked to do homework using the internet. 5 million of them live in homes without access to the internet. So you talk about an achievement gap, it starts right there.
And let뗩 build a cleaner, more resilient power grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in our country as well. Some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of jobs and businesses. It뗩 probably going to be either China, Germany, or America. I want it to be us! We invent the technology, we should make it and use it and export it, which will help to grow our economy.
And here뗩 something that you don뗪 always hear enough of from Democrats: a big part of our plan will be unleashing the power of the private sector to create more jobs at higher pay. And that means for us, creating an infrastructure bank to get private funds off the sidelines and complement our private investments. $25 billion in government seed funding could unlock more than $250 billion and really get our country moving on our infrastructure plans.
And were going to invest $10 billion in what were calling Make it in America partnerships to support American manufacturing and recommit to scientific research that can create entire new industries.
When Mark and John were giving me the tour and I was talking to some of the workers along the way, and asking them where some of the precision machinery came from that is being used here at Futuramic.
What I hear all over the country, Germany, Japan, Italy. I want to bring that precision manufacturing back to the United States. There is no reason we can뗪 begin to make those machines ourselves and supply the rest of the world instead of buying from somewhere else.
Let뗩 also expand incentives like the New Markets Tax Credit that can bring business, government, and communities together to create good jobs in places that have been left out or left behind. From neglected neighborhoods in Detroit and Flint, to Logging Country, Coal Country, Native American communities, from rural areas ravaged by addiction and lost jobs to industrial regions hollowed out when factories closed.
As President, I will also make a major push to empower small businesses and entrepreneurs, with new national initiatives to cut red tape at every level and expand access to credit, especially through community banks and credit unions.
I will propose a new plan to dramatically simplify tax filing for small businesses. Right now, the smallest businesses, the kind that my dad had, because it was a really small company, spend 20 times more per employee to prepare their taxes compared to larger companies. It should be as easy as printing out a bank statement.
Let뗩 free entrepreneurs to do what they do best  innovate, grow, and hire. As Mark said, this company started because of a drive down a road and thinking about it, talking about it, then seeing one of the old Oldsmobile Futuramics and thinking Hey, not only do I have an idea, I뗬e got a name. In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it, and were going to get back to doing that.
Now Donald Trump has a different view. He뗩 made a career out of stiffing small businesses from Atlantic City to Las Vegas. There are companies that were left hanging because he refused to pay their bills. A lot of those companies scraped together what the could to pay their employees, and many of them put their businesses at risk and some of them ended up taking bankruptcy. It wasn뗪 because Trump couldn뗪 pay them, it was because he wouldn뗪 pay them.
And that뗩 why I take it personally. My dad ran a printing plant. He had two really long tables, he printed fabric for draperies. He would lay out the fabric and then he would take a silkscreen and he would go down the table. Put the silkscreen down, he뗛 put the paint in, he take the squeegee, he뗛 go across the screen, he뗛 lift it up, he뗛 go down, go down all the way to the end. And then he뗛 start on the other table.
He worked hard. And then when he finished, he would load all that fabric up, put it into his car, and take it to the business that had ordered it, maybe a restaurant or a hotel or some office. He expected to be paid when he showed up. He did the work. He paid for the supplies and the labor he often hired to help him on big jobs. He expected to be paid. I can뗪 imagine what would have happened to my father and his business if he had gotten a contract from Trump. And showing up and submitting his bill and being told, Were not going to pay. And if you don뗪 like it, sue us.
My father never could have sued a big organization like that. I just don뗪 understand it. I뗬e met all kinds of workers, painters, plumbers. I뗬e met small businesses that provided pianos, installed glass or marble, all of whom were denied payment, and after going back time and again, being told, Well, maybe we뗣l pay you 30 cents on the dollar or 50 cents on the dollar. That뗩 not how we do business in America.
So we뗬e got to create more jobs that are going to help more people.
For example, our modern service economy is empowering consumers with more choices and greater flexibility. But we need to do more to empower the workers in our service sector too. The people taking care of our children and our parents, they deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement.
And, it뗩 crucial that every American have access to the education and skills they need to get the jobs of the future.
So we will fight to make college tuitionfree for the middle class and debtfree for everyone.
We will also liberate millions of people who already have student debt by making it easier to refinance and repay what you owe as a portion of your income so you don뗪 have to pay more than you can afford.
It뗩 just not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, but students and families can뗪 refinance their debt.
And here뗩 something else I really want to emphasize, because I don뗪 think anyone in America is talking about this enough and that is: a four year degree should not be the only path to a good job in America.
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it.
So many Americans have the talent and the will to succeed  whether theyre kids right out of high school or older people displaced by automation and outsourcing.
For too long, big promises about the power of training and retraining haven뗪 delivered like they should. It doesn뗪 help anyone to be trained for a job that doesn뗪 exist.
So here뗩 what were going to do. We will support highquality union training programs. We will propose new tax credits to encourage more companies to offer paid apprenticeships that let you earn while you learn. We will do more, including a national campaign, to dignify skills training across the board. I think we뗬e got to reverse what has become a kind of commonplace view, which is everybody needs to go to college.
Well in fact, more than half of the jobs that are going to be available in 2020 do not require a college, fouryear degree. So, for welders and machinists and tool and die makers and health technicians and coders and so many others, let뗩 get the word out. There are really good jobs for people right now, and there will be more in the future if you get the skills in high school, at community college, in an apprenticeship or other training programs.
And I want to acknowledge the great role that the community college here in Macomb County has played in working with companies like this one to make sure people do have the skills. Now, I imagine some of you  I뗤 sure some of you are thinking, Well, that all sounds good, but what about trade? After all, Trump talks about it all the time.
Well, let뗩 start with this: It뗩 true that too often, past trade deals have been sold to the American people with rosy scenarios that did not pan out. Those promises now ring hollow in many communities across Michigan and our country that have seen factories close and jobs disappear.
Too many companies lobbied for trade deals so they could sell products abroad but then they instead moved abroad and sold back into the United States.
It is also true that China and other countries have gamed the system for too long. Enforcement  particularly during the Bush administration  has been too lax.
Investments at home that would make us more competitive have been completely blocked in Congress. And American workers and communities have paid the price.
But the answer is not to rant and rave  or cut ourselves off from the world. That would end up killing even more jobs. The answer is to finally make trade work for us, not against us.
So my message to every worker in Michigan and across America is this: I will stop any trade deal that kills jobs or holds down wages  including the TransPacific Partnership. I oppose it now, I뗣l oppose it after the election, and I뗣l oppose it as President.
As a Senator from New York, I fought to defend New York뗩 manufacturers and steelmakers from unfair Chinese trading practices. And I opposed the only multilateral trade deal that came before the Senate while I was there, because it didn뗪 meet my high bar.
As Secretary of State, I fought hard for American businesses to get a fair shot around the world and to stop underhanded trading practices like currency manipulation and the theft of intellectual property.
So as President, I will stand up to China and anyone else who tries to take advantage of American workers and companies. And I뗤 going to ramp up enforcement by appointing, for the first time, a chief trade prosecutor, I will triple the number of enforcement officers, and when countries break the rules, we won뗪 hesitate to impose targeted tariffs.
Now Mr. Trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strength. Fear that we can뗪 compete with the rest of the world even when the rules are fair. Fear that our country has no choice but to hide behind walls.
If Team USA was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room, afraid to come out to compete. Instead, theyre winning gold medals. America isn뗪 afraid to compete.
Right now, thousands of Michigan companies are exporting billions of dollars of products around the world. We want them to sell even more, and create more jobs here at home. But corporations should not abandon profitable operations here in the United States to move abroad, just to give shareholders a quicker return, CEOs a bigger bonus, and unions a weaker hand to play.
Now, before he tweets about how he뗩 really one who will put ㄹmerica First in trade, let뗩 remember where Trump makes many of his own products. Because it sure is not America.
He뗩 made Trump ties in China and Trump suits in Mexico instead of here in Michigan. He keeps saying it뗩 not possible to make these things in America anymore, and that뗩 just wrong.So we created a website  hillaryclinton.com/makeithere  on it we list a hundred places across the United States that already producing similar goods.
Now one positive thing Trump could do to make America great again is actually make great things in America again.
Now, let뗩 look at the second question: which candidate will fight for fairness? And this is an urgent need. We need to grow the economy and we need to make it fairer. The tide is not rising fast enough, and it뗩 certainly not lifting all boats. Since the crash, too many of the gains have gone to the top one percent.
The rules and incentives in our system reward corporations for putting shortterm stock prices above longterm investments in their workers, equipment, and research. While corporate profits are at nearrecord highs, paychecks for most people have barely budged. Incomes aren뗪 growing fast enough to keep up with costs like prescription drugs and child care.
I believe that every employee, from the CEO suite to the factory floor, contributes to a business success, so everybody should share in the rewards  especially those putting in long hours for little pay.
So I뗤 proposing a new tax credit to encourage more companies to share profits with workers. More broadly, we will fight for a more progressive, more patriotic tax code that puts American jobs first.
Right now, when a corporation outsources jobs and production, it can write off the costs. We must stop that, and we must make them pay back any tax breaks they received from any level of government in our country.
For those that move their headquarters overseas to avoid paying their fair share of taxes, theyre going to have to pay a new exit tax. So if they want to go, theyre going to have to pay to go.
And Wall Street, corporations, and the superrich, should finally pay their fair share of taxes. That뗩 why I support the socalled Buffett Rule, because multimillionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries.
We should also add a new tax on multimillionaires, crack down on tax gaming by corporations and close the carried interest loophole  something I뗬e advocated for years.
Now, compare what Trump says. Now there is a myth out there that he뗣l stick it to the rich and powerful because, somehow, he뗩 really on the side of the little guy. Don뗪 believe it.
Not when he pledges to rip up basic rules that hold corporations accountable, when he wants to scrap regulations that stop polluters from poisoning the air our children breathe and the water we drink, let insurance companies write their own rules again.
Trump would roll back the tough rules that we have imposed on the Financial Industry. I뗣l do the opposite  I think we should strengthen those rules so that Wall Street can never wreck Main Street again.
Trump even wants to abolish the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a new agency that has already returned more than $11 billion to 25 million Americans who were taken advantage of by corporations. Why would you get rid of that?
And then there is Trump뗩 tax plan. He would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers. That would explode our national debt and eventually lead to massive cuts in priorities like education, healthcare, and environmental protection.
In his speech on Monday, he called for a new tax loophole  let뗩 call it the Trump Loophole  because it would allow him to pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies. He뗛 pay a lower rate than millions of middle class families.
One nonpartisan expert at the Tax Policy Center described this plan as, and I quote, 라 really nice deal for Donald Trump.
Of course, it뗩 hard to say how nice, because he refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns.
But we do know that the 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
Then there뗩 the Estate Tax, which Trump wants to eliminate altogether. If you believe that he뗩 as wealthy as he says, that alone would save the Trump family $4 billion. It would do nothing for 99.8 percent of Americans. So they뗛 get a $4 billion tax cut, and 99.8 percent of Americans get nothing.
Just think about what we could do with those $4 billion dollars. We could pay for more than 47,000 veterans to get a 4year college degree. We could provide a year뗩 worth of health care to nearly 3 million kids. Or we could fund about a year뗩 worth of federal assistance to state and local law enforcement. I think there are a lot of better ways to spend the money.
On Monday, I뗤 going to be in Scranton, Pennsylvania, with Vice President Biden. He has a saying: Don뗪 tell me what you value. Show me your budget and I will tell you what you value.
Well, Donald Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself. I want to invest it in veterans, our kids, our police officers, and so much more. And you can then draw your own conclusions about values.
Now, it뗩 true that both of us have proposed to cut taxes for middle class families. He뗩 making a big promise. But his advisors have said, his own advisors have said, he may not stand by them.
Instead, the tax cuts he doubled down on in his speech in Detroit on Monday offer trillions to the richest Americans and corporations.
One of the differences between Donald Trump and me is I뗤 telling you what I will do, I뗤 laying out my plans, and I will stand by them, and I want you to hold me accountable for delivering results. This all reminds me of that old saying, 랄f it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
And that brings us to the third question: Which candidate can you actually count on to go to bat for workers and working families?
It뗩 not enough to pay lip service to being on your side. We have to recognize how Americans actually live and work in the 21st century  and then offer real solutions that make your lives easier.
We know that women are now the sole or primary breadwinner in a growing number of families.We know more Americans are cobbling together part time work, or striking out on their own. So we have to make it easier to be good workers, good parents, and good caregivers, all at the same time.
That뗩 why I뗬e set out a bold vision to make quality, affordable childcare available to all Americans and limit the costs to 10 percent of family income.
On Monday, Trump offered his first real ideas on this topic. Because previously, he dismissed concerns about childcare. He said it was, quote, 랉ot an expensive thing because you just need some blocks and some swings.
Now he says he wants to exclude childcare payments from taxation. His plan was panned from the left, the right, the center  because it transparently is designed for rich people like him. He would give wealthy families 30 or 40 cents on the dollar for their nannies, and little or nothing for millions of hardworking families trying to afford childcare so they can get to work and keep the job.
I think instead we should expand the Child Tax Credit to provide real relief to tens of millions of working families struggling with the costs of raising children  the same families that his plan ignores.
And that뗩 just the start. Because the more we do to help working families, the more our entire economy will benefit.
For example, guaranteeing equal pay won뗪 just increase paychecks for women  it will boost family budgets and get incomes rising across the board. And I don뗪 understand why Trump뗩 against that.
Paid family leave won뗪 only make life easier for Moms and Dads  it will also keep skilled, talented Americans in the workforce and grow our economy. That뗩 why every other advanced country already has it. Again, he뗩 against it.
Raising the federal minimum wage won뗪 just put more money in the pockets of lowincome families  it also means they will spend more at the businesses in their neighborhoods. Trump뗩 against that as well.
This is something that even the original automakers understood, way back at the beginning of the 20th century, when they decided to pay the unbelievable sum of $5 a day to autoworkers. And when they were criticized by other businesses, How can you pay that much? they had the best answer, We want people to be able to buy our cars. This is Economics 101, we need to get incomes and wages rising and it will help the whole economy grow and be fairer.
And protecting and expanding Social Security doesn뗪 just help older Americans retire with dignity  it helps to ease burdens on families and communities. And I also believe the same thing about comprehensive immigration reform.
We already have millions of people working in the economy and paying $12 billion a year to Social Security even though they are undocumented. So by moving toward reform, we will unleash a lot of new income and growth, and we will level the playing field so that American workers can뗪 be taken advantage of because undocumented workers can be exploited by employers, which is one of the reasons we have this disconnect.
And finally, strengthening unions doesn뗪 just serve members  it leads to better pay and benefits, and working conditions for all employees. I뗬e also said I will defend and improve the Affordable Care Act, and for me, that includes giving Americans, in every state, a choice of a public option health insurance plan that will help everybody afford coverage, it will strengthen competition, and drive down costs.
Now these are all causes I뗬e worked on for decades and I believe they point to a fundamental truth about our economy. It can seem like a zero sum, when you are competing for a job, a promotion, or a contract if someone wins and someone loses, but that is not the full picture. If you step back, you뗣l see were all in this together. If we can grow together, we can all rise together. Because, you know what I like to say, we are stronger together, and that뗩 why the fourth question is key.
And it뗩 this: who can bring people together to get any of this done? Right? Well, I believe I can because I think I can provide serious, steady leadership that can find common ground and build on it based on hard, but respectful bargaining with the other side.
Leadership that rises above personal attacks and name calling, not revels in it. I just don뗪 think insults and bullying is how were going to get things done. And I don뗪 think that뗩 the appropriate approach for us.
I know it뗩 hard to imagine, but there was a time when Democrats and Republicans actually worked together.
I know that뗩 true, I did it as First Lady, Senator, and Secretary of State. It뗩 how we created the Children뗩 Health Insurance Program, which covers 8 million kids. It뗩 how we rebuilt New York after 9/11, and how we passed a treaty reducing the threat from Russia뗩 nuclear weapons.
So I am convinced based on my experience, that we can do this. And one of the reasons that I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is he also has a record of working across the aisle to get things done as a mayor, governor, and a Senator.
So were going to make full use of the White House뗩 power to convene. Were going to get everyone at the table  not just Republicans and Democrats, but businesses and labor unions, academics and experts, but, most importantly, Americans, like all of you.
I think there are a lot of great ideas out in America, and I want you to have a say in your government. And that means we have to get unaccountable money out of our politics, overturn Citizens United, and expand voting rights, not restrict them.
I intend, starting even before the election, to bring together leaders from across our economy, from a lot of different places to talk about jobs, and competitiveness, and I hope Mark and John can join me, because we need the best ideas that are out there making a difference. We need to pull together.
The bottom line is this: I뗤 running for President to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. And based on what we know from the Trump campaign, he wants America to work for him and his friends, at the expense of everyone else.
He뗩 offered no credible plans to address what working families are up against today. Nothing on student loans or the cost of prescription drugs. Nothing for farmers or struggling rural communities. Nothing to build a new future with clean energy and advanced agriculture.
Nothing for communities of color in our cities to overcome the barriers of systemic racism. Nothing to create new opportunities for young people. Just a more extreme version of the failed theory of trickledown economics, with his own addition of outlandish Trumpian ideas that even Republicans reject. And as we heard him say at his convention, he may believe that he alone can fix our country, but clearly, he doesn뗪 know the people of Michigan. He doesn뗪 see the businesses, and labor unions, the local governments, the clergy coming together every single day to make things better.
So yes, there is still a long road ahead, but Michigan is on the rise. And everyone is contributing. That뗩 America at its best.
So I hope you will stay active and engaged and working together to create jobs and strengthen your own communities. And I hope you will work to get out the vote in November, because if we are able to win, then I want you all to work with me to build the kind of progress that America deserves to see.
Were going to do this together. We are stronger together. Let뗩 go out and build the future! Thank you all, God bless you!
