KING HENRY IV So shaken as we are, so wan with care,
 Find we a time for frighted peace to pant,
 And breathe shortwinded accents of new broils
 To be commenced in strands afar remote.
 No more the thirsty entrance of this soil
 Shall daub her lips with her own children's blood;
 Nor more shall trenching war channel her fields,
 Nor bruise her flowerets with the armed hoofs
 Of hostile paces: those opposed eyes,
 Which, like the meteors of a troubled heaven,
 All of one nature, of one substance bred,
 Did lately meet in the intestine shock
 And furious close of civil butchery
 Shall now, in mutual wellbeseeming ranks,
 March all one way and be no more opposed
 Against acquaintance, kindred and allies:
 The edge of war, like an illsheathed knife,
 No more shall cut his master. Therefore, friends,
 As far as to the sepulchre of Christ,
 Whose soldier now, under whose blessed cross
 We are impressed and engaged to fight,
 Forthwith a power of English shall we levy;
 Whose arms were moulded in their mothers' womb
 To chase these pagans in those holy fields
 Over whose acres walk'd those blessed feet
 Which fourteen hundred years ago were nail'd
 For our advantage on the bitter cross.
 But this our purpose now is twelve month old,
 And bootless 'tis to tell you we will go:
 Therefore we meet not now. Then let me hear
 Of you, my gentle cousin Westmoreland,
 What yesternight our council did decree
 In forwarding this dear expedience.
WESTMORELAND My liege, this haste was hot in question,
 And many limits of the charge set down
 But yesternight: when all athwart there came
 A post from Wales loaden with heavy news;
 Whose worst was, that the noble Mortimer,
 Leading the men of Herefordshire to fight
 Against the irregular and wild Glendower,
 Was by the rude hands of that Welshman taken,
 A thousand of his people butchered;
 Upon whose dead corpse there was such misuse,
 Such beastly shameless transformation,
 By those Welshwomen done as may not be
 Without much shame retold or spoken of.
KING HENRY IV It seems then that the tidings of this broil
 Brake off our business for the Holy Land.
WESTMORELAND This match'd with other did, my gracious lord;
 For more uneven and unwelcome news
 Came from the north and thus it did import:
 On Holyrood day, the gallant Hotspur there,
 Young Harry Percy and brave Archibald,
 That evervaliant and approved Scot,
 At Holmedon met,
 Where they did spend a sad and bloody hour,
 As by discharge of their artillery,
 And shape of likelihood, the news was told;
 For he that brought them, in the very heat
 And pride of their contention did take horse,
 Uncertain of the issue any way.
KING HENRY IV Here is a dear, a true industrious friend,
 Sir Walter Blunt, new lighted from his horse.
 Stain'd with the variation of each soil
 Betwixt that Holmedon and this seat of ours;
 And he hath brought us smooth and welcome news.
 The Earl of Douglas is discomfited:
 Ten thousand bold Scots, two and twenty knights,
 Balk'd in their own blood did Sir Walter see
 On Holmedon's plains. Of prisoners, Hotspur took
 Mordake the Earl of Fife, and eldest son
 To beaten Douglas; and the Earl of Athol,
 Of Murray, Angus, and Menteith:
 And is not this an honourable spoil?
 A gallant prize? ha, cousin, is it not?
WESTMORELAND In faith,
 It is a conquest for a prince to boast of.
KING HENRY IV Yea, there thou makest me sad and makest me sin
 In envy that my Lord Northumberland
 Should be the father to so blest a son,
 A son who is the theme of honour's tongue;
 Amongst a grove, the very straightest plant;
 Who is sweet Fortune's minion and her pride:
 Whilst I, by looking on the praise of him,
 See riot and dishonour stain the brow
 Of my young Harry. O that it could be proved
 That some nighttripping fairy had exchanged
 In cradleclothes our children where they lay,
 And call'd mine Percy, his Plantagenet!
 Then would I have his Harry, and he mine.
 But let him from my thoughts. What think you, coz,
 Of this young Percy's pride? the prisoners,
 Which he in this adventure hath surprised,
 To his own use he keeps; and sends me word,
 I shall have none but Mordake Earl of Fife.
WESTMORELAND This is his uncle's teaching; this is Worcester,
 Malevolent to you in all aspects;
 Which makes him prune himself, and bristle up
 The crest of youth against your dignity.
KING HENRY IV But I have sent for him to answer this;
 And for this cause awhile we must neglect
 Our holy purpose to Jerusalem.
 Cousin, on Wednesday next our council we
 Will hold at Windsor; so inform the lords:
 But come yourself with speed to us again;
 For more is to be said and to be done
 Than out of anger can be uttered.
WESTMORELAND I will, my liege.
 1 KING HENRY IV
FALSTAFF Now, Hal, what time of day is it, lad?
PRINCE HENRY Thou art so fatwitted, with drinking of old sack
 and unbuttoning thee after supper and sleeping upon
 benches after noon, that thou hast forgotten to
 demand that truly which thou wouldst truly know.
 What a devil hast thou to do with the time of the
 day? Unless hours were cups of sack and minutes
 capons and clocks the tongues of bawds and dials the
 signs of leapinghouses and the blessed sun himself
 a fair hot wench in flamecoloured taffeta, I see no
 reason why thou shouldst be so superfluous to demand
 the time of the day.
FALSTAFF Indeed, you come near me now, Hal; for we that take
 purses go by the moon and the seven stars, and not
 by Phoebus, he,'that wandering knight so fair.' And,
 I prithee, sweet wag, when thou art king, as, God
 save thy grace,majesty I should say, for grace
 thou wilt have none,
PRINCE HENRY What, none?
FALSTAFF No, by my troth, not so much as will serve to
 prologue to an egg and butter.
PRINCE HENRY Well, how then? come, roundly, roundly.
FALSTAFF Marry, then, sweet wag, when thou art king, let not
 us that are squires of the night's body be called
 thieves of the day's beauty: let us be Diana's
 foresters, gentlemen of the shade, minions of the
 moon; and let men say we be men of good government,
 being governed, as the sea is, by our noble and
 chaste mistress the moon, under whose countenance we steal.
PRINCE HENRY Thou sayest well, and it holds well too; for the
 fortune of us that are the moon's men doth ebb and
 flow like the sea, being governed, as the sea is,
 by the moon. As, for proof, now: a purse of gold
 most resolutely snatched on Monday night and most
 dissolutely spent on Tuesday morning; got with
 swearing 'Lay by' and spent with crying 'Bring in;'
 now in as low an ebb as the foot of the ladder
 and by and by in as high a flow as the ridge of the gallows.
FALSTAFF By the Lord, thou sayest true, lad. And is not my
 hostess of the tavern a most sweet wench?
PRINCE HENRY As the honey of Hybla, my old lad of the castle. And
 is not a buff jerkin a most sweet robe of durance?
FALSTAFF How now, how now, mad wag! what, in thy quips and
 thy quiddities? what a plague have I to do with a
 buff jerkin?
PRINCE HENRY Why, what a pox have I to do with my hostess of the tavern?
FALSTAFF Well, thou hast called her to a reckoning many a
 time and oft.
PRINCE HENRY Did I ever call for thee to pay thy part?
FALSTAFF No; I'll give thee thy due, thou hast paid all there.
PRINCE HENRY Yea, and elsewhere, so far as my coin would stretch;
 and where it would not, I have used my credit.
FALSTAFF Yea, and so used it that were it not here apparent
 that thou art heir apparentBut, I prithee, sweet
 wag, shall there be gallows standing in England when
 thou art king? and resolution thus fobbed as it is
 with the rusty curb of old father antic the law? Do
 not thou, when thou art king, hang a thief.
PRINCE HENRY No; thou shalt.
FALSTAFF Shall I? O rare! By the Lord, I'll be a brave judge.
PRINCE HENRY Thou judgest false already: I mean, thou shalt have
 the hanging of the thieves and so become a rare hangman.
FALSTAFF Well, Hal, well; and in some sort it jumps with my
 humour as well as waiting in the court, I can tell
 you.
PRINCE HENRY For obtaining of suits?
FALSTAFF Yea, for obtaining of suits, whereof the hangman
 hath no lean wardrobe. 'Sblood, I am as melancholy
 as a gib cat or a lugged bear.
PRINCE HENRY Or an old lion, or a lover's lute.
FALSTAFF Yea, or the drone of a Lincolnshire bagpipe.
PRINCE HENRY What sayest thou to a hare, or the melancholy of
 Moorditch?
FALSTAFF Thou hast the most unsavoury similes and art indeed
 the most comparative, rascalliest, sweet young
 prince. But, Hal, I prithee, trouble me no more
 with vanity. I would to God thou and I knew where a
 commodity of good names were to be bought. An old
 lord of the council rated me the other day in the
 street about you, sir, but I marked him not; and yet
 he talked very wisely, but I regarded him not; and
 yet he talked wisely, and in the street too.
PRINCE HENRY Thou didst well; for wisdom cries out in the
 streets, and no man regards it.
FALSTAFF O, thou hast damnable iteration and art indeed able
 to corrupt a saint. Thou hast done much harm upon
 me, Hal; God forgive thee for it! Before I knew
 thee, Hal, I knew nothing; and now am I, if a man
 should speak truly, little better than one of the
 wicked. I must give over this life, and I will give
 it over: by the Lord, and I do not, I am a villain:
 I'll be damned for never a king's son in
 Christendom.
PRINCE HENRY Where shall we take a purse tomorrow, Jack?
FALSTAFF 'Zounds, where thou wilt, lad; I'll make one; an I
 do not, call me villain and baffle me.
PRINCE HENRY I see a good amendment of life in thee; from praying
 to pursetaking.
FALSTAFF Why, Hal, 'tis my vocation, Hal; 'tis no sin for a
 man to labour in his vocation.
 Poins! Now shall we know if Gadshill have set a
 match. O, if men were to be saved by merit, what
 hole in hell were hot enough for him? This is the
 most omnipotent villain that ever cried 'Stand' to
 a true man.
PRINCE HENRY Good morrow, Ned.
POINS Good morrow, sweet Hal. What says Monsieur Remorse?
 what says Sir John Sack and Sugar? Jack! how
 agrees the devil and thee about thy soul, that thou
 soldest him on GoodFriday last for a cup of Madeira
 and a cold capon's leg?
PRINCE HENRY Sir John stands to his word, the devil shall have
 his bargain; for he was never yet a breaker of
 proverbs: he will give the devil his due.
POINS Then art thou damned for keeping thy word with the devil.
PRINCE HENRY Else he had been damned for cozening the devil.
POINS But, my lads, my lads, tomorrow morning, by four
 o'clock, early at Gadshill! there are pilgrims going
 to Canterbury with rich offerings, and traders
 riding to London with fat purses: I have vizards
 for you all; you have horses for yourselves:
 Gadshill lies tonight in Rochester: I have bespoke
 supper tomorrow night in Eastcheap: we may do it
 as secure as sleep. If you will go, I will stuff
 your purses full of crowns; if you will not, tarry
 at home and be hanged.
FALSTAFF Hear ye, Yedward; if I tarry at home and go not,
 I'll hang you for going.
POINS You will, chops?
FALSTAFF Hal, wilt thou make one?
PRINCE HENRY Who, I rob? I a thief? not I, by my faith.
FALSTAFF There's neither honesty, manhood, nor good
 fellowship in thee, nor thou camest not of the blood
 royal, if thou darest not stand for ten shillings.
PRINCE HENRY Well then, once in my days I'll be a madcap.
FALSTAFF Why, that's well said.
PRINCE HENRY Well, come what will, I'll tarry at home.
FALSTAFF By the Lord, I'll be a traitor then, when thou art king.
PRINCE HENRY I care not.
POINS Sir John, I prithee, leave the prince and me alone:
 I will lay him down such reasons for this adventure
 that he shall go.
FALSTAFF Well, God give thee the spirit of persuasion and him
 the ears of profiting, that what thou speakest may
 move and what he hears may be believed, that the
 true prince may, for recreation sake, prove a false
 thief; for the poor abuses of the time want
 countenance. Farewell: you shall find me in Eastcheap.
PRINCE HENRY Farewell, thou latter spring! farewell, Allhallown summer!
POINS Now, my good sweet honey lord, ride with us
 tomorrow: I have a jest to execute that I cannot
 manage alone. Falstaff, Bardolph, Peto and Gadshill
 shall rob those men that we have already waylaid:
 yourself and I will not be there; and when they
 have the booty, if you and I do not rob them, cut
 this head off from my shoulders.
PRINCE HENRY How shall we part with them in setting forth?
POINS Why, we will set forth before or after them, and
 appoint them a place of meeting, wherein it is at
 our pleasure to fail, and then will they adventure
 upon the exploit themselves; which they shall have
 no sooner achieved, but we'll set upon them.
PRINCE HENRY Yea, but 'tis like that they will know us by our
 horses, by our habits and by every other
 appointment, to be ourselves.
POINS Tut! our horses they shall not see: I'll tie them
 in the wood; our vizards we will change after we
 leave them: and, sirrah, I have cases of buckram
 for the nonce, to immask our noted outward garments.
PRINCE HENRY Yea, but I doubt they will be too hard for us.
POINS Well, for two of them, I know them to be as
 truebred cowards as ever turned back; and for the
 third, if he fight longer than he sees reason, I'll
 forswear arms. The virtue of this jest will be, the
 incomprehensible lies that this same fat rogue will
 tell us when we meet at supper: how thirty, at
 least, he fought with; what wards, what blows, what
 extremities he endured; and in the reproof of this
 lies the jest.
PRINCE HENRY Well, I'll go with thee: provide us all things
 necessary and meet me tomorrow night in Eastcheap;
 there I'll sup. Farewell.
POINS Farewell, my lord.
PRINCE HENRY I know you all, and will awhile uphold
 The unyoked humour of your idleness:
 Yet herein will I imitate the sun,
 Who doth permit the base contagious clouds
 To smother up his beauty from the world,
 That, when he please again to be himself,
 Being wanted, he may be more wonder'd at,
 By breaking through the foul and ugly mists
 Of vapours that did seem to strangle him.
 If all the year were playing holidays,
 To sport would be as tedious as to work;
 But when they seldom come, they wish'd for come,
 And nothing pleaseth but rare accidents.
 So, when this loose behavior I throw off
 And pay the debt I never promised,
 By how much better than my word I am,
 By so much shall I falsify men's hopes;
 And like bright metal on a sullen ground,
 My reformation, glittering o'er my fault,
 Shall show more goodly and attract more eyes
 Than that which hath no foil to set it off.
 I'll so offend, to make offence a skill;
 Redeeming time when men think least I will.
 1 KING HENRY IV
 Enter the KING, NORTHUMBERLAND, WORCESTER, HOTSPUR,
KING HENRY IV My blood hath been too cold and temperate,
 Unapt to stir at these indignities,
 And you have found me; for accordingly
 You tread upon my patience: but be sure
 I will from henceforth rather be myself,
 Mighty and to be fear'd, than my condition;
 Which hath been smooth as oil, soft as young down,
 And therefore lost that title of respect
 Which the proud soul ne'er pays but to the proud.
EARL OF WORCESTER Our house, my sovereign liege, little deserves
 The scourge of greatness to be used on it;
 And that same greatness too which our own hands
 Have holp to make so portly.
NORTHUMBERLAND My lord.
KING HENRY IV Worcester, get thee gone; for I do see
 Danger and disobedience in thine eye:
 O, sir, your presence is too bold and peremptory,
 And majesty might never yet endure
 The moody frontier of a servant brow.
 You have good leave to leave us: when we need
 Your use and counsel, we shall send for you.
 You were about to speak.
NORTHUMBERLAND Yea, my good lord.
 Those prisoners in your highness' name demanded,
 Which Harry Percy here at Holmedon took,
 Were, as he says, not with such strength denied
 As is deliver'd to your majesty:
 Either envy, therefore, or misprison
 Is guilty of this fault and not my son.
HOTSPUR My liege, I did deny no prisoners.
 But I remember, when the fight was done,
 When I was dry with rage and extreme toil,
 Breathless and faint, leaning upon my sword,
 Came there a certain lord, neat, and trimly dress'd,
 Fresh as a bridegroom; and his chin new reap'd
 Show'd like a stubbleland at harvesthome;
 He was perfumed like a milliner;
 And 'twixt his finger and his thumb he held
 A pouncetbox, which ever and anon
 He gave his nose and took't away again;
 Who therewith angry, when it next came there,
 Took it in snuff; and still he smiled and talk'd,
 And as the soldiers bore dead bodies by,
 He call'd them untaught knaves, unmannerly,
 To bring a slovenly unhandsome corse
 Betwixt the wind and his nobility.
 With many holiday and lady terms
 He question'd me; amongst the rest, demanded
 My prisoners in your majesty's behalf.
 I then, all smarting with my wounds being cold,
 To be so pester'd with a popinjay,
 Out of my grief and my impatience,
 Answer'd neglectingly I know not what,
 He should or he should not; for he made me mad
 To see him shine so brisk and smell so sweet
 And talk so like a waitinggentlewoman
 Of guns and drums and wounds,God save the mark!
 And telling me the sovereign'st thing on earth
 Was parmaceti for an inward bruise;
 And that it was great pity, so it was,
 This villanous saltpetre should be digg'd
 Out of the bowels of the harmless earth,
 Which many a good tall fellow had destroy'd
 So cowardly; and but for these vile guns,
 He would himself have been a soldier.
 This bald unjointed chat of his, my lord,
 I answer'd indirectly, as I said;
 And I beseech you, let not his report
 Come current for an accusation
 Betwixt my love and your high majesty.
SIR WALTER BLUNT The circumstance consider'd, good my lord,
 Whate'er Lord Harry Percy then had said
 To such a person and in such a place,
 At such a time, with all the rest retold,
 May reasonably die and never rise
 To do him wrong or any way impeach
 What then he said, so he unsay it now.
KING HENRY IV Why, yet he doth deny his prisoners,
 But with proviso and exception,
 That we at our own charge shall ransom straight
 His brotherinlaw, the foolish Mortimer;
 Who, on my soul, hath wilfully betray'd
 The lives of those that he did lead to fight
 Against that great magician, damn'd Glendower,
 Whose daughter, as we hear, the Earl of March
 Hath lately married. Shall our coffers, then,
 Be emptied to redeem a traitor home?
 Shall we but treason? and indent with fears,
 When they have lost and forfeited themselves?
 No, on the barren mountains let him starve;
 For I shall never hold that man my friend
 Whose tongue shall ask me for one penny cost
 To ransom home revolted Mortimer.
HOTSPUR Revolted Mortimer!
 He never did fall off, my sovereign liege,
 But by the chance of war; to prove that true
 Needs no more but one tongue for all those wounds,
 Those mouthed wounds, which valiantly he took
 When on the gentle Severn's sedgy bank,
 In single opposition, hand to hand,
 He did confound the best part of an hour
 In changing hardiment with great Glendower:
 Three times they breathed and three times did
 they drink,
 Upon agreement, of swift Severn's flood;
 Who then, affrighted with their bloody looks,
 Ran fearfully among the trembling reeds,
 And hid his crisp head in the hollow bank,
 Bloodstained with these valiant combatants.
 Never did base and rotten policy
 Colour her working with such deadly wounds;
 Nor could the noble Mortimer
 Receive so many, and all willingly:
 Then let not him be slander'd with revolt.
KING HENRY IV Thou dost belie him, Percy, thou dost belie him;
 He never did encounter with Glendower:
 I tell thee,
 He durst as well have met the devil alone
 As Owen Glendower for an enemy.
 Art thou not ashamed? But, sirrah, henceforth
 Let me not hear you speak of Mortimer:
 Send me your prisoners with the speediest means,
 Or you shall hear in such a kind from me
 As will displease you. My Lord Northumberland,
 We licence your departure with your son.
 Send us your prisoners, or you will hear of it.
HOTSPUR An if the devil come and roar for them,
 I will not send them: I will after straight
 And tell him so; for I will ease my heart,
 Albeit I make a hazard of my head.
NORTHUMBERLAND What, drunk with choler? stay and pause awhile:
 Here comes your uncle.
HOTSPUR Speak of Mortimer!
 'Zounds, I will speak of him; and let my soul
 Want mercy, if I do not join with him:
 Yea, on his part I'll empty all these veins,
 And shed my dear blood drop by drop in the dust,
 But I will lift the downtrod Mortimer
 As high in the air as this unthankful king,
 As this ingrate and canker'd Bolingbroke.
NORTHUMBERLAND Brother, the king hath made your nephew mad.
EARL OF WORCESTER Who struck this heat up after I was gone?
HOTSPUR He will, forsooth, have all my prisoners;
 And when I urged the ransom once again
 Of my wife's brother, then his cheek look'd pale,
 And on my face he turn'd an eye of death,
 Trembling even at the name of Mortimer.
EARL OF WORCESTER I cannot blame him: was not he proclaim'd
 By Richard that dead is the next of blood?
NORTHUMBERLAND He was; I heard the proclamation:
 And then it was when the unhappy king,
 Whose wrongs in us God pardon!did set forth
 Upon his Irish expedition;
 From whence he intercepted did return
 To be deposed and shortly murdered.
EARL OF WORCESTER And for whose death we in the world's wide mouth
 Live scandalized and foully spoken of.
HOTSPUR But soft, I pray you; did King Richard then
 Proclaim my brother Edmund Mortimer
 Heir to the crown?
NORTHUMBERLAND He did; myself did hear it.
HOTSPUR Nay, then I cannot blame his cousin king,
 That wished him on the barren mountains starve.
 But shall it be that you, that set the crown
 Upon the head of this forgetful man
 And for his sake wear the detested blot
 Of murderous subornation, shall it be,
 That you a world of curses undergo,
 Being the agents, or base second means,
 The cords, the ladder, or the hangman rather?
 O, pardon me that I descend so low,
 To show the line and the predicament
 Wherein you range under this subtle king;
 Shall it for shame be spoken in these days,
 Or fill up chronicles in time to come,
 That men of your nobility and power
 Did gage them both in an unjust behalf,
 As both of youGod pardon it!have done,
 To put down Richard, that sweet lovely rose,
 An plant this thorn, this canker, Bolingbroke?
 And shall it in more shame be further spoken,
 That you are fool'd, discarded and shook off
 By him for whom these shames ye underwent?
 No; yet time serves wherein you may redeem
 Your banish'd honours and restore yourselves
 Into the good thoughts of the world again,
 Revenge the jeering and disdain'd contempt
 Of this proud king, who studies day and night
 To answer all the debt he owes to you
 Even with the bloody payment of your deaths:
 Therefore, I say
EARL OF WORCESTER Peace, cousin, say no more:
 And now I will unclasp a secret book,
 And to your quickconceiving discontents
 I'll read you matter deep and dangerous,
 As full of peril and adventurous spirit
 As to o'erwalk a current roaring loud
 On the unsteadfast footing of a spear.
HOTSPUR If he fall in, good night! or sink or swim:
 Send danger from the east unto the west,
 So honour cross it from the north to south,
 And let them grapple: O, the blood more stirs
 To rouse a lion than to start a hare!
NORTHUMBERLAND Imagination of some great exploit
 Drives him beyond the bounds of patience.
HOTSPUR By heaven, methinks it were an easy leap,
 To pluck bright honour from the palefaced moon,
 Or dive into the bottom of the deep,
 Where fathomline could never touch the ground,
 And pluck up drowned honour by the locks;
 So he that doth redeem her thence might wear
 Without corrival, all her dignities:
 But out upon this halffaced fellowship!
EARL OF WORCESTER He apprehends a world of figures here,
 But not the form of what he should attend.
 Good cousin, give me audience for a while.
HOTSPUR I cry you mercy.
EARL OF WORCESTER Those same noble Scots
 That are your prisoners,
HOTSPUR I'll keep them all;
 By God, he shall not have a Scot of them;
 No, if a Scot would save his soul, he shall not:
 I'll keep them, by this hand.
EARL OF WORCESTER You start away
 And lend no ear unto my purposes.
 Those prisoners you shall keep.
HOTSPUR Nay, I will; that's flat:
 He said he would not ransom Mortimer;
 Forbad my tongue to speak of Mortimer;
 But I will find him when he lies asleep,
 And in his ear I'll holla 'Mortimer!'
 Nay,
 I'll have a starling shall be taught to speak
 Nothing but 'Mortimer,' and give it him
 To keep his anger still in motion.
EARL OF WORCESTER Hear you, cousin; a word.
HOTSPUR All studies here I solemnly defy,
 Save how to gall and pinch this Bolingbroke:
 And that same swordandbuckler Prince of Wales,
 But that I think his father loves him not
 And would be glad he met with some mischance,
 I would have him poison'd with a pot of ale.
EARL OF WORCESTER Farewell, kinsman: I'll talk to you
 When you are better temper'd to attend.
NORTHUMBERLAND Why, what a waspstung and impatient fool
 Art thou to break into this woman's mood,
 Tying thine ear to no tongue but thine own!
HOTSPUR Why, look you, I am whipp'd and scourged with rods,
 Nettled and stung with pismires, when I hear
 Of this vile politician, Bolingbroke.
 In Richard's time,what do you call the place?
 A plague upon it, it is in Gloucestershire;
 'Twas where the madcap duke his uncle kept,
 His uncle York; where I first bow'd my knee
 Unto this king of smiles, this Bolingbroke,
 'Sblood!
 When you and he came back from Ravenspurgh.
NORTHUMBERLAND At Berkley castle.
HOTSPUR You say true:
 Why, what a candy deal of courtesy
 This fawning greyhound then did proffer me!
 Look,'when his infant fortune came to age,'
 And 'gentle Harry Percy,' and 'kind cousin;'
 O, the devil take such cozeners! God forgive me!
 Good uncle, tell your tale; I have done.
EARL OF WORCESTER Nay, if you have not, to it again;
 We will stay your leisure.
HOTSPUR I have done, i' faith.
EARL OF WORCESTER Then once more to your Scottish prisoners.
 Deliver them up without their ransom straight,
 And make the Douglas' son your only mean
 For powers in Scotland; which, for divers reasons
 Which I shall send you written, be assured,
 Will easily be granted. You, my lord,
 Your son in Scotland being thus employ'd,
 Shall secretly into the bosom creep
 Of that same noble prelate, well beloved,
 The archbishop.
HOTSPUR Of York, is it not?
EARL OF WORCESTER True; who bears hard
 His brother's death at Bristol, the Lord Scroop.
 I speak not this in estimation,
 As what I think might be, but what I know
 Is ruminated, plotted and set down,
 And only stays but to behold the face
 Of that occasion that shall bring it on.
HOTSPUR I smell it: upon my life, it will do well.
NORTHUMBERLAND Before the game is afoot, thou still let'st slip.
HOTSPUR Why, it cannot choose but be a noble plot;
 And then the power of Scotland and of York,
 To join with Mortimer, ha?
EARL OF WORCESTER And so they shall.
HOTSPUR In faith, it is exceedingly well aim'd.
EARL OF WORCESTER And 'tis no little reason bids us speed,
 To save our heads by raising of a head;
 For, bear ourselves as even as we can,
 The king will always think him in our debt,
 And think we think ourselves unsatisfied,
 Till he hath found a time to pay us home:
 And see already how he doth begin
 To make us strangers to his looks of love.
HOTSPUR He does, he does: we'll be revenged on him.
EARL OF WORCESTER Cousin, farewell: no further go in this
 Than I by letters shall direct your course.
 When time is ripe, which will be suddenly,
 I'll steal to Glendower and Lord Mortimer;
 Where you and Douglas and our powers at once,
 As I will fashion it, shall happily meet,
 To bear our fortunes in our own strong arms,
 Which now we hold at much uncertainty.
NORTHUMBERLAND Farewell, good brother: we shall thrive, I trust.
HOTSPUR Uncle, Adieu: O, let the hours be short
 Till fields and blows and groans applaud our sport!
 1 KING HENRY IV
First Carrier Heighho! an it be not four by the day, I'll be
 hanged: Charles' wain is over the new chimney, and
 yet our horse not packed. What, ostler!
 Anon, anon.
First Carrier I prithee, Tom, beat Cut's saddle, put a few flocks
 in the point; poor jade, is wrung in the withers out
 of all cess.
Second Carrier Peas and beans are as dank here as a dog, and that
 is the next way to give poor jades the bots: this
 house is turned upside down since Robin Ostler died.
First Carrier Poor fellow, never joyed since the price of oats
 rose; it was the death of him.
Second Carrier I think this be the most villanous house in all
 London road for fleas: I am stung like a tench.
First Carrier Like a tench! by the mass, there is ne'er a king
 christen could be better bit than I have been since
 the first cock.
Second Carrier Why, they will allow us ne'er a jordan, and then we
 leak in your chimney; and your chamberlie breeds
 fleas like a loach.
First Carrier What, ostler! come away and be hanged!
Second Carrier I have a gammon of bacon and two razors of ginger,
 to be delivered as far as Charingcross.
First Carrier God's body! the turkeys in my pannier are quite
 starved. What, ostler! A plague on thee! hast thou
 never an eye in thy head? canst not hear? An
 'twere not as good deed as drink, to break the pate
 on thee, I am a very villain. Come, and be hanged!
 hast thou no faith in thee?
GADSHILL Good morrow, carriers. What's o'clock?
First Carrier I think it be two o'clock.
GADSHILL I pray thee lend me thy lantern, to see my gelding
 in the stable.
First Carrier Nay, by God, soft; I know a trick worth two of that, i' faith.
GADSHILL I pray thee, lend me thine.
Second Carrier Ay, when? can'st tell? Lend me thy lantern, quoth
 he? marry, I'll see thee hanged first.
GADSHILL Sirrah carrier, what time do you mean to come to London?
Second Carrier Time enough to go to bed with a candle, I warrant
 thee. Come, neighbour Mugs, we'll call up the
 gentleman: they will along with company, for they
 have great charge.
GADSHILL What, ho! chamberlain!
 At hand, quoth pickpurse.
GADSHILL That's even as fair asat hand, quoth the
 chamberlain; for thou variest no more from picking
 of purses than giving direction doth from labouring;
 thou layest the plot how.
Chamberlain Good morrow, Master Gadshill. It holds current that
 I told you yesternight: there's a franklin in the
 wild of Kent hath brought three hundred marks with
 him in gold: I heard him tell it to one of his
 company last night at supper; a kind of auditor; one
 that hath abundance of charge too, God knows what.
 They are up already, and call for eggs and butter;
 they will away presently.
GADSHILL Sirrah, if they meet not with Saint Nicholas'
 clerks, I'll give thee this neck.
Chamberlain No, I'll none of it: I pray thee keep that for the
 hangman; for I know thou worshippest St. Nicholas
 as truly as a man of falsehood may.
GADSHILL What talkest thou to me of the hangman? if I hang,
 I'll make a fat pair of gallows; for if I hang, old
 Sir John hangs with me, and thou knowest he is no
 starveling. Tut! there are other Trojans that thou
 dreamest not of, the which for sport sake are
 content to do the profession some grace; that would,
 if matters should be looked into, for their own
 credit sake, make all whole. I am joined with no
 footland rakers, no longstaff sixpenny strikers,
 none of these mad mustachio purplehued maltworms;
 but with nobility and tranquillity, burgomasters and
 great oneyers, such as can hold in, such as will
 strike sooner than speak, and speak sooner than
 drink, and drink sooner than pray: and yet, zounds,
 I lie; for they pray continually to their saint, the
 commonwealth; or rather, not pray to her, but prey
 on her, for they ride up and down on her and make
 her their boots.
Chamberlain What, the commonwealth their boots? will she hold
 out water in foul way?
GADSHILL She will, she will; justice hath liquored her. We
 steal as in a castle, cocksure; we have the receipt
 of fernseed, we walk invisible.
Chamberlain Nay, by my faith, I think you are more beholding to
 the night than to fernseed for your walking invisible.
GADSHILL Give me thy hand: thou shalt have a share in our
 purchase, as I am a true man.
Chamberlain Nay, rather let me have it, as you are a false thief.
GADSHILL Go to; 'homo' is a common name to all men. Bid the
 ostler bring my gelding out of the stable. Farewell,
 you muddy knave.
 1 KING HENRY IV
POINS Come, shelter, shelter: I have removed Falstaff's
 horse, and he frets like a gummed velvet.
PRINCE HENRY Stand close.
FALSTAFF Poins! Poins, and be hanged! Poins!
PRINCE HENRY Peace, ye fatkidneyed rascal! what a brawling dost
 thou keep!
FALSTAFF Where's Poins, Hal?
PRINCE HENRY He is walked up to the top of the hill: I'll go seek him.
FALSTAFF I am accursed to rob in that thief's company: the
 rascal hath removed my horse, and tied him I know
 not where. If I travel but four foot by the squier
 further afoot, I shall break my wind. Well, I doubt
 not but to die a fair death for all this, if I
 'scape hanging for killing that rogue. I have
 forsworn his company hourly any time this two and
 twenty years, and yet I am bewitched with the
 rogue's company. If the rascal hath not given me
 medicines to make me love him, I'll be hanged; it
 could not be else: I have drunk medicines. Poins!
 Hal! a plague upon you both! Bardolph! Peto!
 I'll starve ere I'll rob a foot further. An 'twere
 not as good a deed as drink, to turn true man and to
 leave these rogues, I am the veriest varlet that
 ever chewed with a tooth. Eight yards of uneven
 ground is threescore and ten miles afoot with me;
 and the stonyhearted villains know it well enough:
 a plague upon it when thieves cannot be true one to another!
 Whew! A plague upon you all! Give me my horse, you
 rogues; give me my horse, and be hanged!
PRINCE HENRY Peace, ye fatguts! lie down; lay thine ear close
 to the ground and list if thou canst hear the tread
 of travellers.
FALSTAFF Have you any levers to lift me up again, being down?
 'Sblood, I'll not bear mine own flesh so far afoot
 again for all the coin in thy father's exchequer.
 What a plague mean ye to colt me thus?
PRINCE HENRY Thou liest; thou art not colted, thou art uncolted.
FALSTAFF I prithee, good Prince Hal, help me to my horse,
 good king's son.
PRINCE HENRY Out, ye rogue! shall I be your ostler?
FALSTAFF Go, hang thyself in thine own heirapparent
 garters! If I be ta'en, I'll peach for this. An I
 have not ballads made on you all and sung to filthy
 tunes, let a cup of sack be my poison: when a jest
 is so forward, and afoot too! I hate it.
GADSHILL Stand.
FALSTAFF So I do, against my will.
POINS O, 'tis our setter: I know his voice. Bardolph,
 what news?
BARDOLPH Case ye, case ye; on with your vizards: there 's
 money of the king's coming down the hill; 'tis going
 to the king's exchequer.
FALSTAFF You lie, ye rogue; 'tis going to the king's tavern.
GADSHILL There's enough to make us all.
FALSTAFF To be hanged.
PRINCE HENRY Sirs, you four shall front them in the narrow lane;
 Ned Poins and I will walk lower: if they 'scape
 from your encounter, then they light on us.
PETO How many be there of them?
GADSHILL Some eight or ten.
FALSTAFF 'Zounds, will they not rob us?
PRINCE HENRY What, a coward, Sir John Paunch?
FALSTAFF Indeed, I am not John of Gaunt, your grandfather;
 but yet no coward, Hal.
PRINCE HENRY Well, we leave that to the proof.
POINS Sirrah Jack, thy horse stands behind the hedge:
 when thou needest him, there thou shalt find him.
 Farewell, and stand fast.
FALSTAFF Now cannot I strike him, if I should be hanged.
PRINCE HENRY Ned, where are our disguises?
POINS Here, hard by: stand close.
FALSTAFF Now, my masters, happy man be his dole, say I:
 every man to his business.
First Traveller Come, neighbour: the boy shall lead our horses down
 the hill; we'll walk afoot awhile, and ease our legs.
Thieves Stand!
Travellers Jesus bless us!
FALSTAFF Strike; down with them; cut the villains' throats:
 ah! whoreson caterpillars! baconfed knaves! they
 hate us youth: down with them: fleece them.
Travellers O, we are undone, both we and ours for ever!
FALSTAFF Hang ye, gorbellied knaves, are ye undone? No, ye
 fat chuffs: I would your store were here! On,
 bacons, on! What, ye knaves! young men must live.
 You are Grandjurors, are ye? we'll jure ye, 'faith.
PRINCE HENRY The thieves have bound the true men. Now could thou
 and I rob the thieves and go merrily to London, it
 would be argument for a week, laughter for a month
 and a good jest for ever.
POINS Stand close; I hear them coming.
FALSTAFF Come, my masters, let us share, and then to horse
 before day. An the Prince and Poins be not two
 arrant cowards, there's no equity stirring: there's
 no more valour in that Poins than in a wildduck.
PRINCE HENRY Your money!
POINS Villains!
 As they are sharing, the Prince and Poins set upon
 them; they all run away; and Falstaff, after a blow
PRINCE HENRY Got with much ease. Now merrily to horse:
 The thieves are all scatter'd and possess'd with fear
 So strongly that they dare not meet each other;
 Each takes his fellow for an officer.
 Away, good Ned. Falstaff sweats to death,
 And lards the lean earth as he walks along:
 Were 't not for laughing, I should pity him.
POINS How the rogue roar'd!
 1 KING HENRY IV
HOTSPUR 'But for mine own part, my lord, I could be well
 contented to be there, in respect of the love I bear
 your house.' He could be contented: why is he not,
 then? In respect of the love he bears our house:
 he shows in this, he loves his own barn better than
 he loves our house. Let me see some more. 'The
 purpose you undertake is dangerous;'why, that's
 certain: 'tis dangerous to take a cold, to sleep, to
 drink; but I tell you, my lord fool, out of this
 nettle, danger, we pluck this flower, safety. 'The
 purpose you undertake is dangerous; the friends you
 have named uncertain; the time itself unsorted; and
 your whole plot too light for the counterpoise of so
 great an opposition.' Say you so, say you so? I say
 unto you again, you are a shallow cowardly hind, and
 you lie. What a lackbrain is this! By the Lord,
 our plot is a good plot as ever was laid; our
 friends true and constant: a good plot, good
 friends, and full of expectation; an excellent plot,
 very good friends. What a frostyspirited rogue is
 this! Why, my lord of York commends the plot and the
 general course of action. 'Zounds, an I were now by
 this rascal, I could brain him with his lady's fan.
 Is there not my father, my uncle and myself? lord
 Edmund Mortimer, My lord of York and Owen Glendower?
 is there not besides the Douglas? have I not all
 their letters to meet me in arms by the ninth of the
 next month? and are they not some of them set
 forward already? What a pagan rascal is this! an
 infidel! Ha! you shall see now in very sincerity
 of fear and cold heart, will he to the king and lay
 open all our proceedings. O, I could divide myself
 and go to buffets, for moving such a dish of
 skim milk with so honourable an action! Hang him!
 let him tell the king: we are prepared. I will set
 forward tonight.
 How now, Kate! I must leave you within these two hours.
LADY PERCY O, my good lord, why are you thus alone?
 For what offence have I this fortnight been
 A banish'd woman from my Harry's bed?
 Tell me, sweet lord, what is't that takes from thee
 Thy stomach, pleasure and thy golden sleep?
 Why dost thou bend thine eyes upon the earth,
 And start so often when thou sit'st alone?
 Why hast thou lost the fresh blood in thy cheeks;
 And given my treasures and my rights of thee
 To thickeyed musing and cursed melancholy?
 In thy faint slumbers I by thee have watch'd,
 And heard thee murmur tales of iron wars;
 Speak terms of manage to thy bounding steed;
 Cry 'Courage! to the field!' And thou hast talk'd
 Of sallies and retires, of trenches, tents,
 Of palisadoes, frontiers, parapets,
 Of basilisks, of cannon, culverin,
 Of prisoners' ransom and of soldiers slain,
 And all the currents of a heady fight.
 Thy spirit within thee hath been so at war
 And thus hath so bestirr'd thee in thy sleep,
 That beads of sweat have stood upon thy brow
 Like bubbles in a latedisturbed stream;
 And in thy face strange motions have appear'd,
 Such as we see when men restrain their breath
 On some great sudden hest. O, what portents are these?
 Some heavy business hath my lord in hand,
 And I must know it, else he loves me not.
HOTSPUR What, ho!
 Is Gilliams with the packet gone?
Servant He is, my lord, an hour ago.
HOTSPUR Hath Butler brought those horses from the sheriff?
Servant One horse, my lord, he brought even now.
HOTSPUR What horse? a roan, a cropear, is it not?
Servant It is, my lord.
HOTSPUR That roan shall by my throne.
 Well, I will back him straight: O esperance!
 Bid Butler lead him forth into the park.
LADY PERCY But hear you, my lord.
HOTSPUR What say'st thou, my lady?
LADY PERCY What is it carries you away?
HOTSPUR Why, my horse, my love, my horse.
LADY PERCY Out, you madheaded ape!
 A weasel hath not such a deal of spleen
 As you are toss'd with. In faith,
 I'll know your business, Harry, that I will.
 I fear my brother Mortimer doth stir
 About his title, and hath sent for you
 To line his enterprise: but if you go,
HOTSPUR So far afoot, I shall be weary, love.
LADY PERCY Come, come, you paraquito, answer me
 Directly unto this question that I ask:
 In faith, I'll break thy little finger, Harry,
 An if thou wilt not tell me all things true.
HOTSPUR Away,
 Away, you trifler! Love! I love thee not,
 I care not for thee, Kate: this is no world
 To play with mammets and to tilt with lips:
 We must have bloody noses and crack'd crowns,
 And pass them current too. God's me, my horse!
 What say'st thou, Kate? what would'st thou
 have with me?
LADY PERCY Do you not love me? do you not, indeed?
 Well, do not then; for since you love me not,
 I will not love myself. Do you not love me?
 Nay, tell me if you speak in jest or no.
HOTSPUR Come, wilt thou see me ride?
 And when I am on horseback, I will swear
 I love thee infinitely. But hark you, Kate;
 I must not have you henceforth question me
 Whither I go, nor reason whereabout:
 Whither I must, I must; and, to conclude,
 This evening must I leave you, gentle Kate.
 I know you wise, but yet no farther wise
 Than Harry Percy's wife: constant you are,
 But yet a woman: and for secrecy,
 No lady closer; for I well believe
 Thou wilt not utter what thou dost not know;
 And so far will I trust thee, gentle Kate.
LADY PERCY How! so far?
HOTSPUR Not an inch further. But hark you, Kate:
 Whither I go, thither shall you go too;
 Today will I set forth, tomorrow you.
 Will this content you, Kate?
LADY PERCY It must of force.
 1 KING HENRY IV
PRINCE HENRY Ned, prithee, come out of that fat room, and lend me
 thy hand to laugh a little.
POINS Where hast been, Hal?
PRINCE HENRY With three or four loggerheads amongst three or four
 score hogsheads. I have sounded the very
 basestring of humility. Sirrah, I am sworn brother
 to a leash of drawers; and can call them all by
 their christen names, as Tom, Dick, and Francis.
 They take it already upon their salvation, that
 though I be but the prince of Wales, yet I am king
 of courtesy; and tell me flatly I am no proud Jack,
 like Falstaff, but a Corinthian, a lad of mettle, a
 good boy, by the Lord, so they call me, and when I
 am king of England, I shall command all the good
 lads in Eastcheap. They call drinking deep, dyeing
 scarlet; and when you breathe in your watering, they
 cry 'hem!' and bid you play it off. To conclude, I
 am so good a proficient in one quarter of an hour,
 that I can drink with any tinker in his own language
 during my life. I tell thee, Ned, thou hast lost
 much honour, that thou wert not with me in this sweet
 action. But, sweet Ned,to sweeten which name of
 Ned, I give thee this pennyworth of sugar, clapped
 even now into my hand by an underskinker, one that
 never spake other English in his life than 'Eight
 shillings and sixpence' and 'You are welcome,' with
 this shrill addition, 'Anon, anon, sir! Score a pint
 of bastard in the HalfMoon,' or so. But, Ned, to
 drive away the time till Falstaff come, I prithee,
 do thou stand in some byroom, while I question my
 puny drawer to what end he gave me the sugar; and do
 thou never leave calling 'Francis,' that his tale
 to me may be nothing but 'Anon.' Step aside, and
 I'll show thee a precedent.
POINS Francis!
PRINCE HENRY Thou art perfect.
POINS Francis!
FRANCIS Anon, anon, sir. Look down into the Pomgarnet, Ralph.
PRINCE HENRY Come hither, Francis.
FRANCIS My lord?
PRINCE HENRY How long hast thou to serve, Francis?
FRANCIS Forsooth, five years, and as much as to
 Francis!
FRANCIS Anon, anon, sir.
PRINCE HENRY Five year! by'r lady, a long lease for the clinking
 of pewter. But, Francis, darest thou be so valiant
 as to play the coward with thy indenture and show it
 a fair pair of heels and run from it?
FRANCIS O Lord, sir, I'll be sworn upon all the books in
 England, I could find in my heart.
 Francis!
FRANCIS Anon, sir.
PRINCE HENRY How old art thou, Francis?
FRANCIS Let me seeabout Michaelmas next I shall be
 Francis!
FRANCIS Anon, sir. Pray stay a little, my lord.
PRINCE HENRY Nay, but hark you, Francis: for the sugar thou
 gavest me,'twas a pennyworth, wast't not?
FRANCIS O Lord, I would it had been two!
PRINCE HENRY I will give thee for it a thousand pound: ask me
 when thou wilt, and thou shalt have it.
 Francis!
FRANCIS Anon, anon.
PRINCE HENRY Anon, Francis? No, Francis; but tomorrow, Francis;
 or, Francis, o' Thursday; or indeed, Francis, when
 thou wilt. But, Francis!
FRANCIS My lord?
PRINCE HENRY Wilt thou rob this leathern jerkin, crystalbutton,
 notpated, agatering, pukestocking, caddisgarter,
 smoothtongue, Spanishpouch,
FRANCIS O Lord, sir, who do you mean?
PRINCE HENRY Why, then, your brown bastard is your only drink;
 for look you, Francis, your white canvas doublet
 will sully: in Barbary, sir, it cannot come to so much.
FRANCIS What, sir?
 Francis!
PRINCE HENRY Away, you rogue! dost thou not hear them call?
 Here they both call him; the drawer stands amazed,
Vintner What, standest thou still, and hearest such a
 calling? Look to the guests within.
 My lord, old Sir John, with halfadozen more, are
 at the door: shall I let them in?
PRINCE HENRY Let them alone awhile, and then open the door.
 Poins!
POINS Anon, anon, sir.
PRINCE HENRY Sirrah, Falstaff and the rest of the thieves are at
 the door: shall we be merry?
POINS As merry as crickets, my lad. But hark ye; what
 cunning match have you made with this jest of the
 drawer? come, what's the issue?
PRINCE HENRY I am now of all humours that have showed themselves
 humours since the old days of goodman Adam to the
 pupil age of this present twelve o'clock at midnight.
 What's o'clock, Francis?
FRANCIS Anon, anon, sir.
PRINCE HENRY That ever this fellow should have fewer words than a
 parrot, and yet the son of a woman! His industry is
 upstairs and downstairs; his eloquence the parcel of
 a reckoning. I am not yet of Percy's mind, the
 Hotspur of the north; he that kills me some six or
 seven dozen of Scots at a breakfast, washes his
 hands, and says to his wife 'Fie upon this quiet
 life! I want work.' 'O my sweet Harry,' says she,
 'how many hast thou killed today?' 'Give my roan
 horse a drench,' says he; and answers 'Some
 fourteen,' an hour after; 'a trifle, a trifle.' I
 prithee, call in Falstaff: I'll play Percy, and
 that damned brawn shall play Dame Mortimer his
 wife. 'Rivo!' says the drunkard. Call in ribs, call in tallow.
 Enter FALSTAFF, GADSHILL, BARDOLPH, and PETO;
POINS Welcome, Jack: where hast thou been?
FALSTAFF A plague of all cowards, I say, and a vengeance too!
 marry, and amen! Give me a cup of sack, boy. Ere I
 lead this life long, I'll sew nether stocks and mend
 them and foot them too. A plague of all cowards!
 Give me a cup of sack, rogue. Is there no virtue extant?
PRINCE HENRY Didst thou never see Titan kiss a dish of butter?
 pitifulhearted Titan, that melted at the sweet tale
 of the sun's! if thou didst, then behold that compound.
FALSTAFF You rogue, here's lime in this sack too: there is
 nothing but roguery to be found in villanous man:
 yet a coward is worse than a cup of sack with lime
 in it. A villanous coward! Go thy ways, old Jack;
 die when thou wilt, if manhood, good manhood, be
 not forgot upon the face of the earth, then am I a
 shotten herring. There live not three good men
 unhanged in England; and one of them is fat and
 grows old: God help the while! a bad world, I say.
 I would I were a weaver; I could sing psalms or any
 thing. A plague of all cowards, I say still.
PRINCE HENRY How now, woolsack! what mutter you?
FALSTAFF A king's son! If I do not beat thee out of thy
 kingdom with a dagger of lath, and drive all thy
 subjects afore thee like a flock of wildgeese,
 I'll never wear hair on my face more. You Prince of Wales!
PRINCE HENRY Why, you whoreson round man, what's the matter?
FALSTAFF Are not you a coward? answer me to that: and Poins there?
POINS 'Zounds, ye fat paunch, an ye call me coward, by the
 Lord, I'll stab thee.
FALSTAFF I call thee coward! I'll see thee damned ere I call
 thee coward: but I would give a thousand pound I
 could run as fast as thou canst. You are straight
 enough in the shoulders, you care not who sees your
 back: call you that backing of your friends? A
 plague upon such backing! give me them that will
 face me. Give me a cup of sack: I am a rogue, if I
 drunk today.
PRINCE HENRY O villain! thy lips are scarce wiped since thou
 drunkest last.
FALSTAFF All's one for that.
 A plague of all cowards, still say I.
PRINCE HENRY What's the matter?
FALSTAFF What's the matter! there be four of us here have
 ta'en a thousand pound this day morning.
PRINCE HENRY Where is it, Jack? where is it?
FALSTAFF Where is it! taken from us it is: a hundred upon
 poor four of us.
PRINCE HENRY What, a hundred, man?
FALSTAFF I am a rogue, if I were not at halfsword with a
 dozen of them two hours together. I have 'scaped by
 miracle. I am eight times thrust through the
 doublet, four through the hose; my buckler cut
 through and through; my sword hacked like a
 handsawecce signum! I never dealt better since
 I was a man: all would not do. A plague of all
 cowards! Let them speak: if they speak more or
 less than truth, they are villains and the sons of darkness.
PRINCE HENRY Speak, sirs; how was it?
GADSHILL We four set upon some dozen
FALSTAFF Sixteen at least, my lord.
GADSHILL And bound them.
PETO No, no, they were not bound.
FALSTAFF You rogue, they were bound, every man of them; or I
 am a Jew else, an Ebrew Jew.
GADSHILL As we were sharing, some six or seven fresh men set upon us
FALSTAFF And unbound the rest, and then come in the other.
PRINCE HENRY What, fought you with them all?
FALSTAFF All! I know not what you call all; but if I fought
 not with fifty of them, I am a bunch of radish: if
 there were not two or three and fifty upon poor old
 Jack, then am I no twolegged creature.
PRINCE HENRY Pray God you have not murdered some of them.
FALSTAFF Nay, that's past praying for: I have peppered two
 of them; two I am sure I have paid, two rogues
 in buckram suits. I tell thee what, Hal, if I tell
 thee a lie, spit in my face, call me horse. Thou
 knowest my old ward; here I lay and thus I bore my
 point. Four rogues in buckram let drive at me
PRINCE HENRY What, four? thou saidst but two even now.
FALSTAFF Four, Hal; I told thee four.
POINS Ay, ay, he said four.
FALSTAFF These four came all afront, and mainly thrust at
 me. I made me no more ado but took all their seven
 points in my target, thus.
PRINCE HENRY Seven? why, there were but four even now.
FALSTAFF In buckram?
POINS Ay, four, in buckram suits.
FALSTAFF Seven, by these hilts, or I am a villain else.
PRINCE HENRY Prithee, let him alone; we shall have more anon.
FALSTAFF Dost thou hear me, Hal?
PRINCE HENRY Ay, and mark thee too, Jack.
FALSTAFF Do so, for it is worth the listening to. These nine
 in buckram that I told thee of
PRINCE HENRY So, two more already.
FALSTAFF Their points being broken,
POINS Down fell their hose.
FALSTAFF Began to give me ground: but I followed me close,
 came in foot and hand; and with a thought seven of
 the eleven I paid.
PRINCE HENRY O monstrous! eleven buckram men grown out of two!
FALSTAFF But, as the devil would have it, three misbegotten
 knaves in Kendal green came at my back and let drive
 at me; for it was so dark, Hal, that thou couldst
 not see thy hand.
PRINCE HENRY These lies are like their father that begets them;
 gross as a mountain, open, palpable. Why, thou
 claybrained guts, thou knottypated fool, thou
 whoreson, obscene, grease tallowcatch,
FALSTAFF What, art thou mad? art thou mad? is not the truth
 the truth?
PRINCE HENRY Why, how couldst thou know these men in Kendal
 green, when it was so dark thou couldst not see thy
 hand? come, tell us your reason: what sayest thou to this?
POINS Come, your reason, Jack, your reason.
FALSTAFF What, upon compulsion? 'Zounds, an I were at the
 strappado, or all the racks in the world, I would
 not tell you on compulsion. Give you a reason on
 compulsion! If reasons were as plentiful as
 blackberries, I would give no man a reason upon
 compulsion, I.
PRINCE HENRY I'll be no longer guilty of this sin; this sanguine
 coward, this bedpresser, this horsebackbreaker,
 this huge hill of flesh,
FALSTAFF 'Sblood, you starveling, you elfskin, you dried
 neat's tongue, you bull's pizzle, you stockfish! O
 for breath to utter what is like thee! you
 tailor'syard, you sheath, you bowcase; you vile
 standingtuck,
PRINCE HENRY Well, breathe awhile, and then to it again: and
 when thou hast tired thyself in base comparisons,
 hear me speak but this.
POINS Mark, Jack.
PRINCE HENRY We two saw you four set on four and bound them, and
 were masters of their wealth. Mark now, how a plain
 tale shall put you down. Then did we two set on you
 four; and, with a word, outfaced you from your
 prize, and have it; yea, and can show it you here in
 the house: and, Falstaff, you carried your guts
 away as nimbly, with as quick dexterity, and roared
 for mercy and still run and roared, as ever I heard
 bullcalf. What a slave art thou, to hack thy sword
 as thou hast done, and then say it was in fight!
 What trick, what device, what startinghole, canst
 thou now find out to hide thee from this open and
 apparent shame?
POINS Come, let's hear, Jack; what trick hast thou now?
FALSTAFF By the Lord, I knew ye as well as he that made ye.
 Why, hear you, my masters: was it for me to kill the
 heirapparent? should I turn upon the true prince?
 why, thou knowest I am as valiant as Hercules: but
 beware instinct; the lion will not touch the true
 prince. Instinct is a great matter; I was now a
 coward on instinct. I shall think the better of
 myself and thee during my life; I for a valiant
 lion, and thou for a true prince. But, by the Lord,
 lads, I am glad you have the money. Hostess, clap
 to the doors: watch tonight, pray tomorrow.
 Gallants, lads, boys, hearts of gold, all the titles
 of good fellowship come to you! What, shall we be
 merry? shall we have a play extempore?
PRINCE HENRY Content; and the argument shall be thy running away.
FALSTAFF Ah, no more of that, Hal, an thou lovest me!
Hostess O Jesu, my lord the prince!
PRINCE HENRY How now, my lady the hostess! what sayest thou to
 me?
Hostess Marry, my lord, there is a nobleman of the court at
 door would speak with you: he says he comes from
 your father.
PRINCE HENRY Give him as much as will make him a royal man, and
 send him back again to my mother.
FALSTAFF What manner of man is he?
Hostess An old man.
FALSTAFF What doth gravity out of his bed at midnight? Shall
 I give him his answer?
PRINCE HENRY Prithee, do, Jack.
FALSTAFF 'Faith, and I'll send him packing.
PRINCE HENRY Now, sirs: by'r lady, you fought fair; so did you,
 Peto; so did you, Bardolph: you are lions too, you
 ran away upon instinct, you will not touch the true
 prince; no, fie!
BARDOLPH 'Faith, I ran when I saw others run.
PRINCE HENRY 'Faith, tell me now in earnest, how came Falstaff's
 sword so hacked?
PETO Why, he hacked it with his dagger, and said he would
 swear truth out of England but he would make you
 believe it was done in fight, and persuaded us to do the like.
BARDOLPH Yea, and to tickle our noses with speargrass to
 make them bleed, and then to beslubber our garments
 with it and swear it was the blood of true men. I
 did that I did not this seven year before, I blushed
 to hear his monstrous devices.
PRINCE HENRY O villain, thou stolest a cup of sack eighteen years
 ago, and wert taken with the manner, and ever since
 thou hast blushed extempore. Thou hadst fire and
 sword on thy side, and yet thou rannest away: what
 instinct hadst thou for it?
BARDOLPH My lord, do you see these meteors? do you behold
 these exhalations?
PRINCE HENRY I do.
BARDOLPH What think you they portend?
PRINCE HENRY Hot livers and cold purses.
BARDOLPH Choler, my lord, if rightly taken.
PRINCE HENRY No, if rightly taken, halter.
 Here comes lean Jack, here comes barebone.
 How now, my sweet creature of bombast!
 How long is't ago, Jack, since thou sawest thine own knee?
FALSTAFF My own knee! when I was about thy years, Hal, I was
 not an eagle's talon in the waist; I could have
 crept into any alderman's thumbring: a plague of
 sighing and grief! it blows a man up like a
 bladder. There's villanous news abroad: here was
 Sir John Bracy from your father; you must to the
 court in the morning. That same mad fellow of the
 north, Percy, and he of Wales, that gave Amamon the
 bastinado and made Lucifer cuckold and swore the
 devil his true liegeman upon the cross of a Welsh
 hookwhat a plague call you him?
POINS O, Glendower.
FALSTAFF Owen, Owen, the same; and his soninlaw Mortimer,
 and old Northumberland, and that sprightly Scot of
 Scots, Douglas, that runs o' horseback up a hill
 perpendicular,
PRINCE HENRY He that rides at high speed and with his pistol
 kills a sparrow flying.
FALSTAFF You have hit it.
PRINCE HENRY So did he never the sparrow.
FALSTAFF Well, that rascal hath good mettle in him; he will not run.
PRINCE HENRY Why, what a rascal art thou then, to praise him so
 for running!
FALSTAFF O' horseback, ye cuckoo; but afoot he will not budge a foot.
PRINCE HENRY Yes, Jack, upon instinct.
FALSTAFF I grant ye, upon instinct. Well, he is there too,
 and one Mordake, and a thousand bluecaps more:
 Worcester is stolen away tonight; thy father's
 beard is turned white with the news: you may buy
 land now as cheap as stinking mackerel.
PRINCE HENRY Why, then, it is like, if there come a hot June and
 this civil buffeting hold, we shall buy maidenheads
 as they buy hobnails, by the hundreds.
FALSTAFF By the mass, lad, thou sayest true; it is like we
 shall have good trading that way. But tell me, Hal,
 art not thou horrible afeard? thou being
 heirapparent, could the world pick thee out three
 such enemies again as that fiend Douglas, that
 spirit Percy, and that devil Glendower? Art thou
 not horribly afraid? doth not thy blood thrill at
 it?
PRINCE HENRY Not a whit, i' faith; I lack some of thy instinct.
FALSTAFF Well, thou wert be horribly chid tomorrow when thou
 comest to thy father: if thou love me, practise an answer.
PRINCE HENRY Do thou stand for my father, and examine me upon the
 particulars of my life.
FALSTAFF Shall I? content: this chair shall be my state,
 this dagger my sceptre, and this cushion my crown.
PRINCE HENRY Thy state is taken for a joinedstool, thy golden
 sceptre for a leaden dagger, and thy precious rich
 crown for a pitiful bald crown!
FALSTAFF Well, an the fire of grace be not quite out of thee,
 now shalt thou be moved. Give me a cup of sack to
 make my eyes look red, that it may be thought I have
 wept; for I must speak in passion, and I will do it
 in King Cambyses' vein.
PRINCE HENRY Well, here is my leg.
FALSTAFF And here is my speech. Stand aside, nobility.
Hostess O Jesu, this is excellent sport, i' faith!
FALSTAFF Weep not, sweet queen; for trickling tears are vain.
Hostess O, the father, how he holds his countenance!
FALSTAFF For God's sake, lords, convey my tristful queen;
 For tears do stop the floodgates of her eyes.
Hostess O Jesu, he doth it as like one of these harlotry
 players as ever I see!
FALSTAFF Peace, good pintpot; peace, good ticklebrain.
 Harry, I do not only marvel where thou spendest thy
 time, but also how thou art accompanied: for though
 the camomile, the more it is trodden on the faster
 it grows, yet youth, the more it is wasted the
 sooner it wears. That thou art my son, I have
 partly thy mother's word, partly my own opinion,
 but chiefly a villanous trick of thine eye and a
 foolishhanging of thy nether lip, that doth warrant
 me. If then thou be son to me, here lies the point;
 why, being son to me, art thou so pointed at? Shall
 the blessed sun of heaven prove a micher and eat
 blackberries? a question not to be asked. Shall
 the sun of England prove a thief and take purses? a
 question to be asked. There is a thing, Harry,
 which thou hast often heard of and it is known to
 many in our land by the name of pitch: this pitch,
 as ancient writers do report, doth defile; so doth
 the company thou keepest: for, Harry, now I do not
 speak to thee in drink but in tears, not in
 pleasure but in passion, not in words only, but in
 woes also: and yet there is a virtuous man whom I
 have often noted in thy company, but I know not his name.
PRINCE HENRY What manner of man, an it like your majesty?
FALSTAFF A goodly portly man, i' faith, and a corpulent; of a
 cheerful look, a pleasing eye and a most noble
 carriage; and, as I think, his age some fifty, or,
 by'r lady, inclining to three score; and now I
 remember me, his name is Falstaff: if that man
 should be lewdly given, he deceiveth me; for, Harry,
 I see virtue in his looks. If then the tree may be
 known by the fruit, as the fruit by the tree, then,
 peremptorily I speak it, there is virtue in that
 Falstaff: him keep with, the rest banish. And tell
 me now, thou naughty varlet, tell me, where hast
 thou been this month?
PRINCE HENRY Dost thou speak like a king? Do thou stand for me,
 and I'll play my father.
FALSTAFF Depose me? if thou dost it half so gravely, so
 majestically, both in word and matter, hang me up by
 the heels for a rabbitsucker or a poulter's hare.
PRINCE HENRY Well, here I am set.
FALSTAFF And here I stand: judge, my masters.
PRINCE HENRY Now, Harry, whence come you?
FALSTAFF My noble lord, from Eastcheap.
PRINCE HENRY The complaints I hear of thee are grievous.
FALSTAFF 'Sblood, my lord, they are false: nay, I'll tickle
 ye for a young prince, i' faith.
PRINCE HENRY Swearest thou, ungracious boy? henceforth ne'er look
 on me. Thou art violently carried away from grace:
 there is a devil haunts thee in the likeness of an
 old fat man; a tun of man is thy companion. Why
 dost thou converse with that trunk of humours, that
 boltinghutch of beastliness, that swollen parcel
 of dropsies, that huge bombard of sack, that stuffed
 cloakbag of guts, that roasted Manningtree ox with
 the pudding in his belly, that reverend vice, that
 grey iniquity, that father ruffian, that vanity in
 years? Wherein is he good, but to taste sack and
 drink it? wherein neat and cleanly, but to carve a
 capon and eat it? wherein cunning, but in craft?
 wherein crafty, but in villany? wherein villanous,
 but in all things? wherein worthy, but in nothing?
FALSTAFF I would your grace would take me with you: whom
 means your grace?
PRINCE HENRY That villanous abominable misleader of youth,
 Falstaff, that old whitebearded Satan.
FALSTAFF My lord, the man I know.
PRINCE HENRY I know thou dost.
FALSTAFF But to say I know more harm in him than in myself,
 were to say more than I know. That he is old, the
 more the pity, his white hairs do witness it; but
 that he is, saving your reverence, a whoremaster,
 that I utterly deny. If sack and sugar be a fault,
 God help the wicked! if to be old and merry be a
 sin, then many an old host that I know is damned: if
 to be fat be to be hated, then Pharaoh's lean kine
 are to be loved. No, my good lord; banish Peto,
 banish Bardolph, banish Poins: but for sweet Jack
 Falstaff, kind Jack Falstaff, true Jack Falstaff,
 valiant Jack Falstaff, and therefore more valiant,
 being, as he is, old Jack Falstaff, banish not him
 thy Harry's company, banish not him thy Harry's
 company: banish plump Jack, and banish all the world.
PRINCE HENRY I do, I will.
BARDOLPH O, my lord, my lord! the sheriff with a most
 monstrous watch is at the door.
FALSTAFF Out, ye rogue! Play out the play: I have much to
 say in the behalf of that Falstaff.
Hostess O Jesu, my lord, my lord!
PRINCE HENRY Heigh, heigh! the devil rides upon a fiddlestick:
 what's the matter?
Hostess The sheriff and all the watch are at the door: they
 are come to search the house. Shall I let them in?
FALSTAFF Dost thou hear, Hal? never call a true piece of
 gold a counterfeit: thou art essentially mad,
 without seeming so.
PRINCE HENRY And thou a natural coward, without instinct.
FALSTAFF I deny your major: if you will deny the sheriff,
 so; if not, let him enter: if I become not a cart
 as well as another man, a plague on my bringing up!
 I hope I shall as soon be strangled with a halter as another.
PRINCE HENRY Go, hide thee behind the arras: the rest walk up
 above. Now, my masters, for a true face and good
 conscience.
FALSTAFF Both which I have had: but their date is out, and
 therefore I'll hide me.
PRINCE HENRY Call in the sheriff.
 Now, master sheriff, what is your will with me?
Sheriff First, pardon me, my lord. A hue and cry
 Hath follow'd certain men unto this house.
PRINCE HENRY What men?
Sheriff One of them is well known, my gracious lord,
 A gross fat man.
Carrier As fat as butter.
PRINCE HENRY The man, I do assure you, is not here;
 For I myself at this time have employ'd him.
 And, sheriff, I will engage my word to thee
 That I will, by tomorrow dinnertime,
 Send him to answer thee, or any man,
 For any thing he shall be charged withal:
 And so let me entreat you leave the house.
Sheriff I will, my lord. There are two gentlemen
 Have in this robbery lost three hundred marks.
PRINCE HENRY It may be so: if he have robb'd these men,
 He shall be answerable; and so farewell.
Sheriff Good night, my noble lord.
PRINCE HENRY I think it is good morrow, is it not?
Sheriff Indeed, my lord, I think it be two o'clock.
PRINCE HENRY This oily rascal is known as well as Paul's. Go,
 call him forth.
PETO Falstaff!Fast asleep behind the arras, and
 snorting like a horse.
PRINCE HENRY Hark, how hard he fetches breath. Search his pockets.
 What hast thou found?
PETO Nothing but papers, my lord.
PRINCE HENRY Let's see what they be: read them.
 Item, A capon,. . 2s. 2d.
 Item, Sauce,. . . 4d.
 Item, Sack, two gallons, 5s. 8d.
 Item, Anchovies and sack after supper, 2s. 6d.
 Item, Bread, ob.
PRINCE HENRY O monstrous! but one halfpennyworth of bread to
 this intolerable deal of sack! What there is else,
 keep close; we'll read it at more advantage: there
 let him sleep till day. I'll to the court in the
 morning. We must all to the wars, and thy place
 shall be honourable. I'll procure this fat rogue a
 charge of foot; and I know his death will be a
 march of twelvescore. The money shall be paid
 back again with advantage. Be with me betimes in
 the morning; and so, good morrow, Peto.
PETO Good morrow, good my lord.
 1 KING HENRY IV
MORTIMER These promises are fair, the parties sure,
 And our induction full of prosperous hope.
HOTSPUR Lord Mortimer, and cousin Glendower,
 Will you sit down?
 And uncle Worcester: a plague upon it!
 I have forgot the map.
GLENDOWER No, here it is.
 Sit, cousin Percy; sit, good cousin Hotspur,
 For by that name as oft as Lancaster
 Doth speak of you, his cheek looks pale and with
 A rising sigh he wisheth you in heaven.
HOTSPUR And you in hell, as oft as he hears Owen Glendower spoke of.
GLENDOWER I cannot blame him: at my nativity
 The front of heaven was full of fiery shapes,
 Of burning cressets; and at my birth
 The frame and huge foundation of the earth
 Shaked like a coward.
HOTSPUR Why, so it would have done at the same season, if
 your mother's cat had but kittened, though yourself
 had never been born.
GLENDOWER I say the earth did shake when I was born.
HOTSPUR And I say the earth was not of my mind,
 If you suppose as fearing you it shook.
GLENDOWER The heavens were all on fire, the earth did tremble.
HOTSPUR O, then the earth shook to see the heavens on fire,
 And not in fear of your nativity.
 Diseased nature oftentimes breaks forth
 In strange eruptions; oft the teeming earth
 Is with a kind of colic pinch'd and vex'd
 By the imprisoning of unruly wind
 Within her womb; which, for enlargement striving,
 Shakes the old beldam earth and topples down
 Steeples and mossgrown towers. At your birth
 Our grandam earth, having this distemperature,
 In passion shook.
GLENDOWER Cousin, of many men
 I do not bear these crossings. Give me leave
 To tell you once again that at my birth
 The front of heaven was full of fiery shapes,
 The goats ran from the mountains, and the herds
 Were strangely clamorous to the frighted fields.
 These signs have mark'd me extraordinary;
 And all the courses of my life do show
 I am not in the roll of common men.
 Where is he living, clipp'd in with the sea
 That chides the banks of England, Scotland, Wales,
 Which calls me pupil, or hath read to me?
 And bring him out that is but woman's son
 Can trace me in the tedious ways of art
 And hold me pace in deep experiments.
HOTSPUR I think there's no man speaks better Welsh.
 I'll to dinner.
MORTIMER Peace, cousin Percy; you will make him mad.
GLENDOWER I can call spirits from the vasty deep.
HOTSPUR Why, so can I, or so can any man;
 But will they come when you do call for them?
GLENDOWER Why, I can teach you, cousin, to command
 The devil.
HOTSPUR And I can teach thee, coz, to shame the devil
 By telling truth: tell truth and shame the devil.
 If thou have power to raise him, bring him hither,
 And I'll be sworn I have power to shame him hence.
 O, while you live, tell truth and shame the devil!
MORTIMER Come, come, no more of this unprofitable chat.
GLENDOWER Three times hath Henry Bolingbroke made head
 Against my power; thrice from the banks of Wye
 And sandybottom'd Severn have I sent him
 Bootless home and weatherbeaten back.
HOTSPUR Home without boots, and in foul weather too!
 How 'scapes he agues, in the devil's name?
GLENDOWER Come, here's the map: shall we divide our right
 According to our threefold order ta'en?
MORTIMER The archdeacon hath divided it
 Into three limits very equally:
 England, from Trent and Severn hitherto,
 By south and east is to my part assign'd:
 All westward, Wales beyond the Severn shore,
 And all the fertile land within that bound,
 To Owen Glendower: and, dear coz, to you
 The remnant northward, lying off from Trent.
 And our indentures tripartite are drawn;
 Which being sealed interchangeably,
 A business that this night may execute,
 Tomorrow, cousin Percy, you and I
 And my good Lord of Worcester will set forth
 To meet your father and the Scottish power,
 As is appointed us, at Shrewsbury.
 My father Glendower is not ready yet,
 Not shall we need his help these fourteen days.
 Within that space you may have drawn together
 Your tenants, friends and neighbouring gentlemen.
GLENDOWER A shorter time shall send me to you, lords:
 And in my conduct shall your ladies come;
 From whom you now must steal and take no leave,
 For there will be a world of water shed
 Upon the parting of your wives and you.
HOTSPUR Methinks my moiety, north from Burton here,
 In quantity equals not one of yours:
 See how this river comes me cranking in,
 And cuts me from the best of all my land
 A huge halfmoon, a monstrous cantle out.
 I'll have the current in this place damm'd up;
 And here the smug and silver Trent shall run
 In a new channel, fair and evenly;
 It shall not wind with such a deep indent,
 To rob me of so rich a bottom here.
GLENDOWER Not wind? it shall, it must; you see it doth.
MORTIMER Yea, but
 Mark how he bears his course, and runs me up
 With like advantage on the other side;
 Gelding the opposed continent as much
 As on the other side it takes from you.
EARL OF WORCESTER Yea, but a little charge will trench him here
 And on this north side win this cape of land;
 And then he runs straight and even.
HOTSPUR I'll have it so: a little charge will do it.
GLENDOWER I'll not have it alter'd.
HOTSPUR Will not you?
GLENDOWER No, nor you shall not.
HOTSPUR Who shall say me nay?
GLENDOWER Why, that will I.
HOTSPUR Let me not understand you, then; speak it in Welsh.
GLENDOWER I can speak English, lord, as well as you;
 For I was train'd up in the English court;
 Where, being but young, I framed to the harp
 Many an English ditty lovely well
 And gave the tongue a helpful ornament,
 A virtue that was never seen in you.
HOTSPUR Marry,
 And I am glad of it with all my heart:
 I had rather be a kitten and cry mew
 Than one of these same metre balladmongers;
 I had rather hear a brazen canstick turn'd,
 Or a dry wheel grate on the axletree;
 And that would set my teeth nothing on edge,
 Nothing so much as mincing poetry:
 'Tis like the forced gait of a shuffling nag.
GLENDOWER Come, you shall have Trent turn'd.
HOTSPUR I do not care: I'll give thrice so much land
 To any welldeserving friend;
 But in the way of bargain, mark ye me,
 I'll cavil on the ninth part of a hair.
 Are the indentures drawn? shall we be gone?
GLENDOWER The moon shines fair; you may away by night:
 I'll haste the writer and withal
 Break with your wives of your departure hence:
 I am afraid my daughter will run mad,
 So much she doteth on her Mortimer.
MORTIMER Fie, cousin Percy! how you cross my father!
HOTSPUR I cannot choose: sometime he angers me
 With telling me of the mouldwarp and the ant,
 Of the dreamer Merlin and his prophecies,
 And of a dragon and a finless fish,
 A clipwing'd griffin and a moulten raven,
 A couching lion and a ramping cat,
 And such a deal of skimbleskamble stuff
 As puts me from my faith. I tell you what;
 He held me last night at least nine hours
 In reckoning up the several devils' names
 That were his lackeys: I cried 'hum,' and 'well, go to,'
 But mark'd him not a word. O, he is as tedious
 As a tired horse, a railing wife;
 Worse than a smoky house: I had rather live
 With cheese and garlic in a windmill, far,
 Than feed on cates and have him talk to me
 In any summerhouse in Christendom.
MORTIMER In faith, he is a worthy gentleman,
 Exceedingly well read, and profited
 In strange concealments, valiant as a lion
 And as wondrous affable and as bountiful
 As mines of India. Shall I tell you, cousin?
 He holds your temper in a high respect
 And curbs himself even of his natural scope
 When you come 'cross his humour; faith, he does:
 I warrant you, that man is not alive
 Might so have tempted him as you have done,
 Without the taste of danger and reproof:
 But do not use it oft, let me entreat you.
EARL OF WORCESTER In faith, my lord, you are too wilfulblame;
 And since your coming hither have done enough
 To put him quite beside his patience.
 You must needs learn, lord, to amend this fault:
 Though sometimes it show greatness, courage, blood,
 And that's the dearest grace it renders you,
 Yet oftentimes it doth present harsh rage,
 Defect of manners, want of government,
 Pride, haughtiness, opinion and disdain:
 The least of which haunting a nobleman
 Loseth men's hearts and leaves behind a stain
 Upon the beauty of all parts besides,
 Beguiling them of commendation.
HOTSPUR Well, I am school'd: good manners be your speed!
 Here come our wives, and let us take our leave.
MORTIMER This is the deadly spite that angers me;
 My wife can speak no English, I no Welsh.
GLENDOWER My daughter weeps: she will not part with you;
 She'll be a soldier too, she'll to the wars.
MORTIMER Good father, tell her that she and my aunt Percy
 Shall follow in your conduct speedily.
 Glendower speaks to her in Welsh, and she
GLENDOWER She is desperate here; a peevish selfwind harlotry,
 one that no persuasion can do good upon.
MORTIMER I understand thy looks: that pretty Welsh
 Which thou pour'st down from these swelling heavens
 I am too perfect in; and, but for shame,
 In such a parley should I answer thee.
 I understand thy kisses and thou mine,
 And that's a feeling disputation:
 But I will never be a truant, love,
 Till I have learned thy language; for thy tongue
 Makes Welsh as sweet as ditties highly penn'd,
 Sung by a fair queen in a summer's bower,
 With ravishing division, to her lute.
GLENDOWER Nay, if you melt, then will she run mad.
MORTIMER O, I am ignorance itself in this!
GLENDOWER She bids you on the wanton rushes lay you down
 And rest your gentle head upon her lap,
 And she will sing the song that pleaseth you
 And on your eyelids crown the god of sleep.
 Charming your blood with pleasing heaviness,
 Making such difference 'twixt wake and sleep
 As is the difference betwixt day and night
 The hour before the heavenlyharness'd team
 Begins his golden progress in the east.
MORTIMER With all my heart I'll sit and hear her sing:
 By that time will our book, I think, be drawn
GLENDOWER Do so;
 And those musicians that shall play to you
 Hang in the air a thousand leagues from hence,
 And straight they shall be here: sit, and attend.
HOTSPUR Come, Kate, thou art perfect in lying down: come,
 quick, quick, that I may lay my head in thy lap.
LADY PERCY Go, ye giddy goose.
HOTSPUR Now I perceive the devil understands Welsh;
 And 'tis no marvel he is so humorous.
 By'r lady, he is a good musician.
LADY PERCY Then should you be nothing but musical for you are
 altogether governed by humours. Lie still, ye thief,
 and hear the lady sing in Welsh.
HOTSPUR I had rather hear Lady, my brach, howl in Irish.
LADY PERCY Wouldst thou have thy head broken?
HOTSPUR No.
LADY PERCY Then be still.
HOTSPUR Neither;'tis a woman's fault.
LADY PERCY Now God help thee!
HOTSPUR To the Welsh lady's bed.
LADY PERCY What's that?
HOTSPUR Peace! she sings.
HOTSPUR Come, Kate, I'll have your song too.
LADY PERCY Not mine, in good sooth.
HOTSPUR Not yours, in good sooth! Heart! you swear like a
 comfitmaker's wife. 'Not you, in good sooth,' and
 'as true as I live,' and 'as God shall mend me,' and
 'as sure as day,'
 And givest such sarcenet surety for thy oaths,
 As if thou never walk'st further than Finsbury.
 Swear me, Kate, like a lady as thou art,
 A good mouthfilling oath, and leave 'in sooth,'
 And such protest of peppergingerbread,
 To velvetguards and Sundaycitizens.
 Come, sing.
LADY PERCY I will not sing.
HOTSPUR 'Tis the next way to turn tailor, or be redbreast
 teacher. An the indentures be drawn, I'll away
 within these two hours; and so, come in when ye will.
GLENDOWER Come, come, Lord Mortimer; you are as slow
 As hot Lord Percy is on fire to go.
 By this our book is drawn; we'll but seal,
 And then to horse immediately.
MORTIMER With all my heart.
 1 KING HENRY IV
KING HENRY IV Lords, give us leave; the Prince of Wales and I
 Must have some private conference; but be near at hand,
 For we shall presently have need of you.
 I know not whether God will have it so,
 For some displeasing service I have done,
 That, in his secret doom, out of my blood
 He'll breed revengement and a scourge for me;
 But thou dost in thy passages of life
 Make me believe that thou art only mark'd
 For the hot vengeance and the rod of heaven
 To punish my mistreadings. Tell me else,
 Could such inordinate and low desires,
 Such poor, such bare, such lewd, such mean attempts,
 Such barren pleasures, rude society,
 As thou art match'd withal and grafted to,
 Accompany the greatness of thy blood
 And hold their level with thy princely heart?
PRINCE HENRY So please your majesty, I would I could
 Quit all offences with as clear excuse
 As well as I am doubtless I can purge
 Myself of many I am charged withal:
 Yet such extenuation let me beg,
 As, in reproof of many tales devised,
 which oft the ear of greatness needs must hear,
 By smiling pickthanks and base newsmongers,
 I may, for some things true, wherein my youth
 Hath faulty wander'd and irregular,
 Find pardon on my true submission.
KING HENRY IV God pardon thee! yet let me wonder, Harry,
 At thy affections, which do hold a wing
 Quite from the flight of all thy ancestors.
 Thy place in council thou hast rudely lost.
 Which by thy younger brother is supplied,
 And art almost an alien to the hearts
 Of all the court and princes of my blood:
 The hope and expectation of thy time
 Is ruin'd, and the soul of every man
 Prophetically doth forethink thy fall.
 Had I so lavish of my presence been,
 So commonhackney'd in the eyes of men,
 So stale and cheap to vulgar company,
 Opinion, that did help me to the crown,
 Had still kept loyal to possession
 And left me in reputeless banishment,
 A fellow of no mark nor likelihood.
 By being seldom seen, I could not stir
 But like a comet I was wonder'd at;
 That men would tell their children 'This is he;'
 Others would say 'Where, which is Bolingbroke?'
 And then I stole all courtesy from heaven,
 And dress'd myself in such humility
 That I did pluck allegiance from men's hearts,
 Loud shouts and salutations from their mouths,
 Even in the presence of the crowned king.
 Thus did I keep my person fresh and new;
 My presence, like a robe pontifical,
 Ne'er seen but wonder'd at: and so my state,
 Seldom but sumptuous, showed like a feast
 And won by rareness such solemnity.
 The skipping king, he ambled up and down
 With shallow jesters and rash bavin wits,
 Soon kindled and soon burnt; carded his state,
 Mingled his royalty with capering fools,
 Had his great name profaned with their scorns
 And gave his countenance, against his name,
 To laugh at gibing boys and stand the push
 Of every beardless vain comparative,
 Grew a companion to the common streets,
 Enfeoff'd himself to popularity;
 That, being daily swallow'd by men's eyes,
 They surfeited with honey and began
 To loathe the taste of sweetness, whereof a little
 More than a little is by much too much.
 So when he had occasion to be seen,
 He was but as the cuckoo is in June,
 Heard, not regarded; seen, but with such eyes
 As, sick and blunted with community,
 Afford no extraordinary gaze,
 Such as is bent on sunlike majesty
 When it shines seldom in admiring eyes;
 But rather drowzed and hung their eyelids down,
 Slept in his face and render'd such aspect
 As cloudy men use to their adversaries,
 Being with his presence glutted, gorged and full.
 And in that very line, Harry, standest thou;
 For thou has lost thy princely privilege
 With vile participation: not an eye
 But is aweary of thy common sight,
 Save mine, which hath desired to see thee more;
 Which now doth that I would not have it do,
 Make blind itself with foolish tenderness.
PRINCE HENRY I shall hereafter, my thrice gracious lord,
 Be more myself.
KING HENRY IV For all the world
 As thou art to this hour was Richard then
 When I from France set foot at Ravenspurgh,
 And even as I was then is Percy now.
 Now, by my sceptre and my soul to boot,
 He hath more worthy interest to the state
 Than thou the shadow of succession;
 For of no right, nor colour like to right,
 He doth fill fields with harness in the realm,
 Turns head against the lion's armed jaws,
 And, being no more in debt to years than thou,
 Leads ancient lords and reverend bishops on
 To bloody battles and to bruising arms.
 What neverdying honour hath he got
 Against renowned Douglas! whose high deeds,
 Whose hot incursions and great name in arms
 Holds from all soldiers chief majority
 And military title capital
 Through all the kingdoms that acknowledge Christ:
 Thrice hath this Hotspur, Mars in swathling clothes,
 This infant warrior, in his enterprises
 Discomfited great Douglas, ta'en him once,
 Enlarged him and made a friend of him,
 To fill the mouth of deep defiance up
 And shake the peace and safety of our throne.
 And what say you to this? Percy, Northumberland,
 The Archbishop's grace of York, Douglas, Mortimer,
 Capitulate against us and are up.
 But wherefore do I tell these news to thee?
 Why, Harry, do I tell thee of my foes,
 Which art my near'st and dearest enemy?
 Thou that art like enough, through vassal fear,
 Base inclination and the start of spleen
 To fight against me under Percy's pay,
 To dog his heels and curtsy at his frowns,
 To show how much thou art degenerate.
PRINCE HENRY Do not think so; you shall not find it so:
 And God forgive them that so much have sway'd
 Your majesty's good thoughts away from me!
 I will redeem all this on Percy's head
 And in the closing of some glorious day
 Be bold to tell you that I am your son;
 When I will wear a garment all of blood
 And stain my favours in a bloody mask,
 Which, wash'd away, shall scour my shame with it:
 And that shall be the day, whene'er it lights,
 That this same child of honour and renown,
 This gallant Hotspur, this allpraised knight,
 And your unthoughtof Harry chance to meet.
 For every honour sitting on his helm,
 Would they were multitudes, and on my head
 My shames redoubled! for the time will come,
 That I shall make this northern youth exchange
 His glorious deeds for my indignities.
 Percy is but my factor, good my lord,
 To engross up glorious deeds on my behalf;
 And I will call him to so strict account,
 That he shall render every glory up,
 Yea, even the slightest worship of his time,
 Or I will tear the reckoning from his heart.
 This, in the name of God, I promise here:
 The which if He be pleased I shall perform,
 I do beseech your majesty may salve
 The longgrown wounds of my intemperance:
 If not, the end of life cancels all bands;
 And I will die a hundred thousand deaths
 Ere break the smallest parcel of this vow.
KING HENRY IV A hundred thousand rebels die in this:
 Thou shalt have charge and sovereign trust herein.
 How now, good Blunt? thy looks are full of speed.
SIR WALTER BLUNT So hath the business that I come to speak of.
 Lord Mortimer of Scotland hath sent word
 That Douglas and the English rebels met
 The eleventh of this month at Shrewsbury
 A mighty and a fearful head they are,
 If promises be kept on every hand,
 As ever offer'd foul play in the state.
KING HENRY IV The Earl of Westmoreland set forth today;
 With him my son, Lord John of Lancaster;
 For this advertisement is five days old:
 On Wednesday next, Harry, you shall set forward;
 On Thursday we ourselves will march: our meeting
 Is Bridgenorth: and, Harry, you shall march
 Through Gloucestershire; by which account,
 Our business valued, some twelve days hence
 Our general forces at Bridgenorth shall meet.
 Our hands are full of business: let's away;
 Advantage feeds him fat, while men delay.
 1 KING HENRY IV
FALSTAFF Bardolph, am I not fallen away vilely since this last
 action? do I not bate? do I not dwindle? Why my
 skin hangs about me like an like an old lady's loose
 gown; I am withered like an old applejohn. Well,
 I'll repent, and that suddenly, while I am in some
 liking; I shall be out of heart shortly, and then I
 shall have no strength to repent. An I have not
 forgotten what the inside of a church is made of, I
 am a peppercorn, a brewer's horse: the inside of a
 church! Company, villanous company, hath been the
 spoil of me.
BARDOLPH Sir John, you are so fretful, you cannot live long.
FALSTAFF Why, there is it: come sing me a bawdy song; make
 me merry. I was as virtuously given as a gentleman
 need to be; virtuous enough; swore little; diced not
 above seven times a week; went to a bawdyhouse once
 in a quarterof an hour; paid money that I
 borrowed, three of four times; lived well and in
 good compass: and now I live out of all order, out
 of all compass.
BARDOLPH Why, you are so fat, Sir John, that you must needs
 be out of all compass, out of all reasonable
 compass, Sir John.
FALSTAFF Do thou amend thy face, and I'll amend my life:
 thou art our admiral, thou bearest the lantern in
 the poop, but 'tis in the nose of thee; thou art the
 Knight of the Burning Lamp.
BARDOLPH Why, Sir John, my face does you no harm.
FALSTAFF No, I'll be sworn; I make as good use of it as many
 a man doth of a Death'shead or a memento mori: I
 never see thy face but I think upon hellfire and
 Dives that lived in purple; for there he is in his
 robes, burning, burning. If thou wert any way
 given to virtue, I would swear by thy face; my oath
 should be 'By this fire, that's God's angel:' but
 thou art altogether given over; and wert indeed, but
 for the light in thy face, the son of utter
 darkness. When thou rannest up Gadshill in the
 night to catch my horse, if I did not think thou
 hadst been an ignis fatuus or a ball of wildfire,
 there's no purchase in money. O, thou art a
 perpetual triumph, an everlasting bonfirelight!
 Thou hast saved me a thousand marks in links and
 torches, walking with thee in the night betwixt
 tavern and tavern: but the sack that thou hast
 drunk me would have bought me lights as good cheap
 at the dearest chandler's in Europe. I have
 maintained that salamander of yours with fire any
 time this two and thirty years; God reward me for
 it!
BARDOLPH 'Sblood, I would my face were in your belly!
FALSTAFF Godamercy! so should I be sure to be heartburned.
 How now, Dame Partlet the hen! have you inquired
 yet who picked my pocket?
Hostess Why, Sir John, what do you think, Sir John? do you
 think I keep thieves in my house? I have searched,
 I have inquired, so has my husband, man by man, boy
 by boy, servant by servant: the tithe of a hair
 was never lost in my house before.
FALSTAFF Ye lie, hostess: Bardolph was shaved and lost many
 a hair; and I'll be sworn my pocket was picked. Go
 to, you are a woman, go.
Hostess Who, I? no; I defy thee: God's light, I was never
 called so in mine own house before.
FALSTAFF Go to, I know you well enough.
Hostess No, Sir John; You do not know me, Sir John. I know
 you, Sir John: you owe me money, Sir John; and now
 you pick a quarrel to beguile me of it: I bought
 you a dozen of shirts to your back.
FALSTAFF Dowlas, filthy dowlas: I have given them away to
 bakers' wives, and they have made bolters of them.
Hostess Now, as I am a true woman, holland of eight
 shillings an ell. You owe money here besides, Sir
 John, for your diet and bydrinkings, and money lent
 you, four and twenty pound.
FALSTAFF He had his part of it; let him pay.
Hostess He? alas, he is poor; he hath nothing.
FALSTAFF How! poor? look upon his face; what call you rich?
 let them coin his nose, let them coin his cheeks:
 Ill not pay a denier. What, will you make a younker
 of me? shall I not take mine case in mine inn but I
 shall have my pocket picked? I have lost a
 sealring of my grandfather's worth forty mark.
Hostess O Jesu, I have heard the prince tell him, I know not
 how oft, that ring was copper!
FALSTAFF How! the prince is a Jack, a sneakcup: 'sblood, an
 he were here, I would cudgel him like a dog, if he
 would say so.
 Enter PRINCE HENRY and PETO, marching, and FALSTAFF
 How now, lad! is the wind in that door, i' faith?
 must we all march?
BARDOLPH Yea, two and two, Newgate fashion.
Hostess My lord, I pray you, hear me.
PRINCE HENRY What sayest thou, Mistress Quickly? How doth thy
 husband? I love him well; he is an honest man.
Hostess Good my lord, hear me.
FALSTAFF Prithee, let her alone, and list to me.
PRINCE HENRY What sayest thou, Jack?
FALSTAFF The other night I fell asleep here behind the arras
 and had my pocket picked: this house is turned
 bawdyhouse; they pick pockets.
PRINCE HENRY What didst thou lose, Jack?
FALSTAFF Wilt thou believe me, Hal? three or four bonds of
 forty pound apiece, and a sealring of my
 grandfather's.
PRINCE HENRY A trifle, some eightpenny matter.
Hostess So I told him, my lord; and I said I heard your
 grace say so: and, my lord, he speaks most vilely
 of you, like a foulmouthed man as he is; and said
 he would cudgel you.
PRINCE HENRY What! he did not?
Hostess There's neither faith, truth, nor womanhood in me else.
FALSTAFF There's no more faith in thee than in a stewed
 prune; nor no more truth in thee than in a drawn
 fox; and for womanhood, Maid Marian may be the
 deputy's wife of the ward to thee. Go, you thing,
 go
Hostess Say, what thing? what thing?
FALSTAFF What thing! why, a thing to thank God on.
Hostess I am no thing to thank God on, I would thou
 shouldst know it; I am an honest man's wife: and,
 setting thy knighthood aside, thou art a knave to
 call me so.
FALSTAFF Setting thy womanhood aside, thou art a beast to say
 otherwise.
Hostess Say, what beast, thou knave, thou?
FALSTAFF What beast! why, an otter.
PRINCE HENRY An otter, Sir John! Why an otter?
FALSTAFF Why, she's neither fish nor flesh; a man knows not
 where to have her.
Hostess Thou art an unjust man in saying so: thou or any
 man knows where to have me, thou knave, thou!
PRINCE HENRY Thou sayest true, hostess; and he slanders thee most grossly.
Hostess So he doth you, my lord; and said this other day you
 ought him a thousand pound.
PRINCE HENRY Sirrah, do I owe you a thousand pound?
FALSTAFF A thousand pound, Ha! a million: thy love is worth
 a million: thou owest me thy love.
Hostess Nay, my lord, he called you Jack, and said he would
 cudgel you.
FALSTAFF Did I, Bardolph?
BARDOLPH Indeed, Sir John, you said so.
FALSTAFF Yea, if he said my ring was copper.
PRINCE HENRY I say 'tis copper: darest thou be as good as thy word now?
FALSTAFF Why, Hal, thou knowest, as thou art but man, I dare:
 but as thou art prince, I fear thee as I fear the
 roaring of a lion's whelp.
PRINCE HENRY And why not as the lion?
FALSTAFF The king is to be feared as the lion: dost thou
 think I'll fear thee as I fear thy father? nay, an
 I do, I pray God my girdle break.
PRINCE HENRY O, if it should, how would thy guts fall about thy
 knees! But, sirrah, there's no room for faith,
 truth, nor honesty in this bosom of thine; it is all
 filled up with guts and midriff. Charge an honest
 woman with picking thy pocket! why, thou whoreson,
 impudent, embossed rascal, if there were anything in
 thy pocket but tavernreckonings, memorandums of
 bawdyhouses, and one poor pennyworth of
 sugarcandy to make thee longwinded, if thy pocket
 were enriched with any other injuries but these, I
 am a villain: and yet you will stand to if; you will
 not pocket up wrong: art thou not ashamed?
FALSTAFF Dost thou hear, Hal? thou knowest in the state of
 innocency Adam fell; and what should poor Jack
 Falstaff do in the days of villany? Thou seest I
 have more flesh than another man, and therefore more
 frailty. You confess then, you picked my pocket?
PRINCE HENRY It appears so by the story.
FALSTAFF Hostess, I forgive thee: go, make ready breakfast;
 love thy husband, look to thy servants, cherish thy
 guests: thou shalt find me tractable to any honest
 reason: thou seest I am pacified still. Nay,
 prithee, be gone.
 Now Hal, to the news at court: for the robbery,
 lad, how is that answered?
PRINCE HENRY O, my sweet beef, I must still be good angel to
 thee: the money is paid back again.
FALSTAFF O, I do not like that paying back; 'tis a double labour.
PRINCE HENRY I am good friends with my father and may do any thing.
FALSTAFF Rob me the exchequer the first thing thou doest, and
 do it with unwashed hands too.
BARDOLPH Do, my lord.
PRINCE HENRY I have procured thee, Jack, a charge of foot.
FALSTAFF I would it had been of horse. Where shall I find
 one that can steal well? O for a fine thief, of the
 age of two and twenty or thereabouts! I am
 heinously unprovided. Well, God be thanked for
 these rebels, they offend none but the virtuous: I
 laud them, I praise them.
PRINCE HENRY Bardolph!
BARDOLPH My lord?
PRINCE HENRY Go bear this letter to Lord John of Lancaster, to my
 brother John; this to my Lord of Westmoreland.
 Go, Peto, to horse, to horse; for thou and I have
 thirty miles to ride yet ere dinner time.
 Jack, meet me tomorrow in the temple hall at two
 o'clock in the afternoon.
 There shalt thou know thy charge; and there receive
 Money and order for their furniture.
 The land is burning; Percy stands on high;
 And either we or they must lower lie.
FALSTAFF Rare words! brave world! Hostess, my breakfast, come!
 O, I could wish this tavern were my drum!
 1 KING HENRY IV
HOTSPUR Well said, my noble Scot: if speaking truth
 In this fine age were not thought flattery,
 Such attribution should the Douglas have,
 As not a soldier of this season's stamp
 Should go so general current through the world.
 By God, I cannot flatter; I do defy
 The tongues of soothers; but a braver place
 In my heart's love hath no man than yourself:
 Nay, task me to my word; approve me, lord.
EARL OF DOUGLAS Thou art the king of honour:
 No man so potent breathes upon the ground
 But I will beard him.
HOTSPUR Do so, and 'tis well.
 What letters hast thou there?I can but thank you.
Messenger These letters come from your father.
HOTSPUR Letters from him! why comes he not himself?
Messenger He cannot come, my lord; he is grievous sick.
HOTSPUR 'Zounds! how has he the leisure to be sick
 In such a rustling time? Who leads his power?
 Under whose government come they along?
Messenger His letters bear his mind, not I, my lord.
EARL OF WORCESTER I prithee, tell me, doth he keep his bed?
Messenger He did, my lord, four days ere I set forth;
 And at the time of my departure thence
 He was much fear'd by his physicians.
EARL OF WORCESTER I would the state of time had first been whole
 Ere he by sickness had been visited:
 His health was never better worth than now.
HOTSPUR Sick now! droop now! this sickness doth infect
 The very lifeblood of our enterprise;
 'Tis catching hither, even to our camp.
 He writes me here, that inward sickness
 And that his friends by deputation could not
 So soon be drawn, nor did he think it meet
 To lay so dangerous and dear a trust
 On any soul removed but on his own.
 Yet doth he give us bold advertisement,
 That with our small conjunction we should on,
 To see how fortune is disposed to us;
 For, as he writes, there is no quailing now.
 Because the king is certainly possess'd
 Of all our purposes. What say you to it?
EARL OF WORCESTER Your father's sickness is a maim to us.
HOTSPUR A perilous gash, a very limb lopp'd off:
 And yet, in faith, it is not; his present want
 Seems more than we shall find it: were it good
 To set the exact wealth of all our states
 All at one cast? to set so rich a main
 On the nice hazard of one doubtful hour?
 It were not good; for therein should we read
 The very bottom and the soul of hope,
 The very list, the very utmost bound
 Of all our fortunes.
EARL OF DOUGLAS 'Faith, and so we should;
 Where now remains a sweet reversion:
 We may boldly spend upon the hope of what
 Is to come in:
 A comfort of retirement lives in this.
HOTSPUR A rendezvous, a home to fly unto.
 If that the devil and mischance look big
 Upon the maidenhead of our affairs.
EARL OF WORCESTER But yet I would your father had been here.
 The quality and hair of our attempt
 Brooks no division: it will be thought
 By some, that know not why he is away,
 That wisdom, loyalty and mere dislike
 Of our proceedings kept the earl from hence:
 And think how such an apprehension
 May turn the tide of fearful faction
 And breed a kind of question in our cause;
 For well you know we of the offering side
 Must keep aloof from strict arbitrement,
 And stop all sightholes, every loop from whence
 The eye of reason may pry in upon us:
 This absence of your father's draws a curtain,
 That shows the ignorant a kind of fear
 Before not dreamt of.
HOTSPUR You strain too far.
 I rather of his absence make this use:
 It lends a lustre and more great opinion,
 A larger dare to our great enterprise,
 Than if the earl were here; for men must think,
 If we without his help can make a head
 To push against a kingdom, with his help
 We shall o'erturn it topsyturvy down.
 Yet all goes well, yet all our joints are whole.
EARL OF DOUGLAS As heart can think: there is not such a word
 Spoke of in Scotland as this term of fear.
HOTSPUR My cousin Vernon, welcome, by my soul.
VERNON Pray God my news be worth a welcome, lord.
 The Earl of Westmoreland, seven thousand strong,
 Is marching hitherwards; with him Prince John.
HOTSPUR No harm: what more?
VERNON And further, I have learn'd,
 The king himself in person is set forth,
 Or hitherwards intended speedily,
 With strong and mighty preparation.
HOTSPUR He shall be welcome too. Where is his son,
 The nimblefooted madcap Prince of Wales,
 And his comrades, that daff'd the world aside,
 And bid it pass?
VERNON All furnish'd, all in arms;
 All plumed like estridges that with the wind
 Baited like eagles having lately bathed;
 Glittering in golden coats, like images;
 As full of spirit as the month of May,
 And gorgeous as the sun at midsummer;
 Wanton as youthful goats, wild as young bulls.
 I saw young Harry, with his beaver on,
 His cuisses on his thighs, gallantly arm'd
 Rise from the ground like feather'd Mercury,
 And vaulted with such ease into his seat,
 As if an angel dropp'd down from the clouds,
 To turn and wind a fiery Pegasus
 And witch the world with noble horsemanship.
HOTSPUR No more, no more: worse than the sun in March,
 This praise doth nourish agues. Let them come:
 They come like sacrifices in their trim,
 And to the fireeyed maid of smoky war
 All hot and bleeding will we offer them:
 The mailed Mars shall on his altar sit
 Up to the ears in blood. I am on fire
 To hear this rich reprisal is so nigh
 And yet not ours. Come, let me taste my horse,
 Who is to bear me like a thunderbolt
 Against the bosom of the Prince of Wales:
 Harry to Harry shall, hot horse to horse,
 Meet and ne'er part till one drop down a corse.
 O that Glendower were come!
VERNON There is more news:
 I learn'd in Worcester, as I rode along,
 He cannot draw his power this fourteen days.
EARL OF DOUGLAS That's the worst tidings that I hear of yet.
WORCESTER Ay, by my faith, that bears a frosty sound.
HOTSPUR What may the king's whole battle reach unto?
VERNON To thirty thousand.
HOTSPUR Forty let it be:
 My father and Glendower being both away,
 The powers of us may serve so great a day
 Come, let us take a muster speedily:
 Doomsday is near; die all, die merrily.
EARL OF DOUGLAS Talk not of dying: I am out of fear
 Of death or death's hand for this onehalf year.
 1 KING HENRY IV
FALSTAFF Bardolph, get thee before to Coventry; fill me a
 bottle of sack: our soldiers shall march through;
 we'll to Sutton Co'fil' tonight.
BARDOLPH Will you give me money, captain?
FALSTAFF Lay out, lay out.
BARDOLPH This bottle makes an angel.
FALSTAFF An if it do, take it for thy labour; and if it make
 twenty, take them all; I'll answer the coinage. Bid
 my lieutenant Peto meet me at town's end.
BARDOLPH I will, captain: farewell.
FALSTAFF If I be not ashamed of my soldiers, I am a soused
 gurnet. I have misused the king's press damnably.
 I have got, in exchange of a hundred and fifty
 soldiers, three hundred and odd pounds. I press me
 none but good householders, yeoman's sons; inquire
 me out contracted bachelors, such as had been asked
 twice on the banns; such a commodity of warm slaves,
 as had as lieve hear the devil as a drum; such as
 fear the report of a caliver worse than a struck
 fowl or a hurt wildduck. I pressed me none but such
 toastsandbutter, with hearts in their bellies no
 bigger than pins' heads, and they have bought out
 their services; and now my whole charge consists of
 ancients, corporals, lieutenants, gentlemen of
 companies, slaves as ragged as Lazarus in the
 painted cloth, where the glutton's dogs licked his
 sores; and such as indeed were never soldiers, but
 discarded unjust servingmen, younger sons to
 younger brothers, revolted tapsters and ostlers
 tradefallen, the cankers of a calm world and a
 long peace, ten times more dishonourable ragged than
 an old faced ancient: and such have I, to fill up
 the rooms of them that have bought out their
 services, that you would think that I had a hundred
 and fifty tattered prodigals lately come from
 swinekeeping, from eating draff and husks. A mad
 fellow met me on the way and told me I had unloaded
 all the gibbets and pressed the dead bodies. No eye
 hath seen such scarecrows. I'll not march through
 Coventry with them, that's flat: nay, and the
 villains march wide betwixt the legs, as if they had
 gyves on; for indeed I had the most of them out of
 prison. There's but a shirt and a half in all my
 company; and the half shirt is two napkins tacked
 together and thrown over the shoulders like an
 herald's coat without sleeves; and the shirt, to say
 the truth, stolen from my host at Saint Alban's, or
 the rednose innkeeper of Daventry. But that's all
 one; they'll find linen enough on every hedge.
PRINCE HENRY How now, blown Jack! how now, quilt!
FALSTAFF What, Hal! how now, mad wag! what a devil dost thou
 in Warwickshire? My good Lord of Westmoreland, I
 cry you mercy: I thought your honour had already been
 at Shrewsbury.
WESTMORELAND Faith, Sir John,'tis more than time that I were
 there, and you too; but my powers are there already.
 The king, I can tell you, looks for us all: we must
 away all night.
FALSTAFF Tut, never fear me: I am as vigilant as a cat to
 steal cream.
PRINCE HENRY I think, to steal cream indeed, for thy theft hath
 already made thee butter. But tell me, Jack, whose
 fellows are these that come after?
FALSTAFF Mine, Hal, mine.
PRINCE HENRY I did never see such pitiful rascals.
FALSTAFF Tut, tut; good enough to toss; food for powder, food
 for powder; they'll fill a pit as well as better:
 tush, man, mortal men, mortal men.
WESTMORELAND Ay, but, Sir John, methinks they are exceeding poor
 and bare, too beggarly.
FALSTAFF 'Faith, for their poverty, I know not where they had
 that; and for their bareness, I am sure they never
 learned that of me.
PRINCE HENRY No I'll be sworn; unless you call three fingers on
 the ribs bare. But, sirrah, make haste: Percy is
 already in the field.
FALSTAFF What, is the king encamped?
WESTMORELAND He is, Sir John: I fear we shall stay too long.
FALSTAFF Well,
 To the latter end of a fray and the beginning of a feast
 Fits a dull fighter and a keen guest.
 1 KING HENRY IV
HOTSPUR We'll fight with him tonight.
EARL OF WORCESTER It may not be.
EARL OF DOUGLAS You give him then the advantage.
VERNON Not a whit.
HOTSPUR Why say you so? looks he not for supply?
VERNON So do we.
HOTSPUR His is certain, ours is doubtful.
EARL OF WORCESTER Good cousin, be advised; stir not tonight.
VERNON Do not, my lord.
EARL OF DOUGLAS You do not counsel well:
 You speak it out of fear and cold heart.
VERNON Do me no slander, Douglas: by my life,
 And I dare well maintain it with my life,
 If wellrespected honour bid me on,
 I hold as little counsel with weak fear
 As you, my lord, or any Scot that this day lives:
 Let it be seen tomorrow in the battle
 Which of us fears.
EARL OF DOUGLAS Yea, or tonight.
VERNON Content.
HOTSPUR Tonight, say I.
VERNON Come, come it nay not be. I wonder much,
 Being men of such great leading as you are,
 That you foresee not what impediments
 Drag back our expedition: certain horse
 Of my cousin Vernon's are not yet come up:
 Your uncle Worcester's horse came but today;
 And now their pride and mettle is asleep,
 Their courage with hard labour tame and dull,
 That not a horse is half the half of himself.
HOTSPUR So are the horses of the enemy
 In general, journeybated and brought low:
 The better part of ours are full of rest.
EARL OF WORCESTER The number of the king exceedeth ours:
 For God's sake. cousin, stay till all come in.
SIR WALTER BLUNT I come with gracious offers from the king,
 if you vouchsafe me hearing and respect.
HOTSPUR Welcome, Sir Walter Blunt; and would to God
 You were of our determination!
 Some of us love you well; and even those some
 Envy your great deservings and good name,
 Because you are not of our quality,
 But stand against us like an enemy.
SIR WALTER BLUNT And God defend but still I should stand so,
 So long as out of limit and true rule
 You stand against anointed majesty.
 But to my charge. The king hath sent to know
 The nature of your griefs, and whereupon
 You conjure from the breast of civil peace
 Such bold hostility, teaching his duteous land
 Audacious cruelty. If that the king
 Have any way your good deserts forgot,
 Which he confesseth to be manifold,
 He bids you name your griefs; and with all speed
 You shall have your desires with interest
 And pardon absolute for yourself and these
 Herein misled by your suggestion.
HOTSPUR The king is kind; and well we know the king
 Knows at what time to promise, when to pay.
 My father and my uncle and myself
 Did give him that same royalty he wears;
 And when he was not six and twenty strong,
 Sick in the world's regard, wretched and low,
 A poor unminded outlaw sneaking home,
 My father gave him welcome to the shore;
 And when he heard him swear and vow to God
 He came but to be Duke of Lancaster,
 To sue his livery and beg his peace,
 With tears of innocency and terms of zeal,
 My father, in kind heart and pity moved,
 Swore him assistance and perform'd it too.
 Now when the lords and barons of the realm
 Perceived Northumberland did lean to him,
 The more and less came in with cap and knee;
 Met him in boroughs, cities, villages,
 Attended him on bridges, stood in lanes,
 Laid gifts before him, proffer'd him their oaths,
 Gave him their heirs, as pages follow'd him
 Even at the heels in golden multitudes.
 He presently, as greatness knows itself,
 Steps me a little higher than his vow
 Made to my father, while his blood was poor,
 Upon the naked shore at Ravenspurgh;
 And now, forsooth, takes on him to reform
 Some certain edicts and some strait decrees
 That lie too heavy on the commonwealth,
 Cries out upon abuses, seems to weep
 Over his country's wrongs; and by this face,
 This seeming brow of justice, did he win
 The hearts of all that he did angle for;
 Proceeded further; cut me off the heads
 Of all the favourites that the absent king
 In deputation left behind him here,
 When he was personal in the Irish war.
SIR WALTER BLUNT Tut, I came not to hear this.
HOTSPUR Then to the point.
 In short time after, he deposed the king;
 Soon after that, deprived him of his life;
 And in the neck of that, task'd the whole state:
 To make that worse, suffer'd his kinsman March,
 Who is, if every owner were well placed,
 Indeed his king, to be engaged in Wales,
 There without ransom to lie forfeited;
 Disgraced me in my happy victories,
 Sought to entrap me by intelligence;
 Rated mine uncle from the councilboard;
 In rage dismiss'd my father from the court;
 Broke oath on oath, committed wrong on wrong,
 And in conclusion drove us to seek out
 This head of safety; and withal to pry
 Into his title, the which we find
 Too indirect for long continuance.
SIR WALTER BLUNT Shall I return this answer to the king?
HOTSPUR Not so, Sir Walter: we'll withdraw awhile.
 Go to the king; and let there be impawn'd
 Some surety for a safe return again,
 And in the morning early shall my uncle
 Bring him our purposes: and so farewell.
SIR WALTER BLUNT I would you would accept of grace and love.
HOTSPUR And may be so we shall.
SIR WALTER BLUNT Pray God you do.
 1 KING HENRY IV
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Hie, good Sir Michael; bear this sealed brief
 With winged haste to the lord marshal;
 This to my cousin Scroop, and all the rest
 To whom they are directed. If you knew
 How much they do to import, you would make haste.
SIR MICHAEL My good lord,
 I guess their tenor.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Like enough you do.
 Tomorrow, good Sir Michael, is a day
 Wherein the fortune of ten thousand men
 Must bide the touch; for, sir, at Shrewsbury,
 As I am truly given to understand,
 The king with mighty and quickraised power
 Meets with Lord Harry: and, I fear, Sir Michael,
 What with the sickness of Northumberland,
 Whose power was in the first proportion,
 And what with Owen Glendower's absence thence,
 Who with them was a rated sinew too
 And comes not in, o'erruled by prophecies,
 I fear the power of Percy is too weak
 To wage an instant trial with the king.
SIR MICHAEL Why, my good lord, you need not fear;
 There is Douglas and Lord Mortimer.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK No, Mortimer is not there.
SIR MICHAEL But there is Mordake, Vernon, Lord Harry Percy,
 And there is my Lord of Worcester and a head
 Of gallant warriors, noble gentlemen.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK And so there is: but yet the king hath drawn
 The special head of all the land together:
 The Prince of Wales, Lord John of Lancaster,
 The noble Westmoreland and warlike Blunt;
 And moe corrivals and dear men
 Of estimation and command in arms.
SIR MICHAEL Doubt not, my lord, they shall be well opposed.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK I hope no less, yet needful 'tis to fear;
 And, to prevent the worst, Sir Michael, speed:
 For if Lord Percy thrive not, ere the king
 Dismiss his power, he means to visit us,
 For he hath heard of our confederacy,
 And 'tis but wisdom to make strong against him:
 Therefore make haste. I must go write again
 To other friends; and so farewell, Sir Michael.
 1 KING HENRY IV
 Enter KING HENRY, PRINCE HENRY, Lord John of
 LANCASTER, EARL OF WESTMORELAND, SIR WALTER BLUNT,
KING HENRY IV How bloodily the sun begins to peer
 Above yon busky hill! the day looks pale
 At his distemperature.
PRINCE HENRY The southern wind
 Doth play the trumpet to his purposes,
 And by his hollow whistling in the leaves
 Foretells a tempest and a blustering day.
KING HENRY IV Then with the losers let it sympathize,
 For nothing can seem foul to those that win.
 How now, my Lord of Worcester! 'tis not well
 That you and I should meet upon such terms
 As now we meet. You have deceived our trust,
 And made us doff our easy robes of peace,
 To crush our old limbs in ungentle steel:
 This is not well, my lord, this is not well.
 What say you to it? will you again unknit
 This curlish knot of allabhorred war?
 And move in that obedient orb again
 Where you did give a fair and natural light,
 And be no more an exhaled meteor,
 A prodigy of fear and a portent
 Of broached mischief to the unborn times?
EARL OF WORCESTER Hear me, my liege:
 For mine own part, I could be well content
 To entertain the lagend of my life
 With quiet hours; for I do protest,
 I have not sought the day of this dislike.
KING HENRY IV You have not sought it! how comes it, then?
FALSTAFF Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
PRINCE HENRY Peace, chewet, peace!
EARL OF WORCESTER It pleased your majesty to turn your looks
 Of favour from myself and all our house;
 And yet I must remember you, my lord,
 We were the first and dearest of your friends.
 For you my staff of office did I break
 In Richard's time; and posted day and night
 to meet you on the way, and kiss your hand,
 When yet you were in place and in account
 Nothing so strong and fortunate as I.
 It was myself, my brother and his son,
 That brought you home and boldly did outdare
 The dangers of the time. You swore to us,
 And you did swear that oath at Doncaster,
 That you did nothing purpose 'gainst the state;
 Nor claim no further than your newfall'n right,
 The seat of Gaunt, dukedom of Lancaster:
 To this we swore our aid. But in short space
 It rain'd down fortune showering on your head;
 And such a flood of greatness fell on you,
 What with our help, what with the absent king,
 What with the injuries of a wanton time,
 The seeming sufferances that you had borne,
 And the contrarious winds that held the king
 So long in his unlucky Irish wars
 That all in England did repute him dead:
 And from this swarm of fair advantages
 You took occasion to be quickly woo'd
 To gripe the general sway into your hand;
 Forget your oath to us at Doncaster;
 And being fed by us you used us so
 As that ungentle hull, the cuckoo's bird,
 Useth the sparrow; did oppress our nest;
 Grew by our feeding to so great a bulk
 That even our love durst not come near your sight
 For fear of swallowing; but with nimble wing
 We were enforced, for safety sake, to fly
 Out of sight and raise this present head;
 Whereby we stand opposed by such means
 As you yourself have forged against yourself
 By unkind usage, dangerous countenance,
 And violation of all faith and troth
 Sworn to us in your younger enterprise.
KING HENRY IV These things indeed you have articulate,
 Proclaim'd at marketcrosses, read in churches,
 To face the garment of rebellion
 With some fine colour that may please the eye
 Of fickle changelings and poor discontents,
 Which gape and rub the elbow at the news
 Of hurlyburly innovation:
 And never yet did insurrection want
 Such watercolours to impaint his cause;
 Nor moody beggars, starving for a time
 Of pellmell havoc and confusion.
PRINCE HENRY In both your armies there is many a soul
 Shall pay full dearly for this encounter,
 If once they join in trial. Tell your nephew,
 The Prince of Wales doth join with all the world
 In praise of Henry Percy: by my hopes,
 This present enterprise set off his head,
 I do not think a braver gentleman,
 More activevaliant or more valiantyoung,
 More daring or more bold, is now alive
 To grace this latter age with noble deeds.
 For my part, I may speak it to my shame,
 I have a truant been to chivalry;
 And so I hear he doth account me too;
 Yet this before my father's majesty
 I am content that he shall take the odds
 Of his great name and estimation,
 And will, to save the blood on either side,
 Try fortune with him in a single fight.
KING HENRY IV And, Prince of Wales, so dare we venture thee,
 Albeit considerations infinite
 Do make against it. No, good Worcester, no,
 We love our people well; even those we love
 That are misled upon your cousin's part;
 And, will they take the offer of our grace,
 Both he and they and you, every man
 Shall be my friend again and I'll be his:
 So tell your cousin, and bring me word
 What he will do: but if he will not yield,
 Rebuke and dread correction wait on us
 And they shall do their office. So, be gone;
 We will not now be troubled with reply:
 We offer fair; take it advisedly.
PRINCE HENRY It will not be accepted, on my life:
 The Douglas and the Hotspur both together
 Are confident against the world in arms.
KING HENRY IV Hence, therefore, every leader to his charge;
 For, on their answer, will we set on them:
 And God befriend us, as our cause is just!
FALSTAFF Hal, if thou see me down in the battle and bestride
 me, so; 'tis a point of friendship.
PRINCE HENRY Nothing but a colossus can do thee that friendship.
 Say thy prayers, and farewell.
FALSTAFF I would 'twere bedtime, Hal, and all well.
PRINCE HENRY Why, thou owest God a death.
FALSTAFF 'Tis not due yet; I would be loath to pay him before
 his day. What need I be so forward with him that
 calls not on me? Well, 'tis no matter; honour pricks
 me on. Yea, but how if honour prick me off when I
 come on? how then? Can honour set to a leg? no: or
 an arm? no: or take away the grief of a wound? no.
 Honour hath no skill in surgery, then? no. What is
 honour? a word. What is in that word honour? what
 is that honour? air. A trim reckoning! Who hath it?
 he that died o' Wednesday. Doth he feel it? no.
 Doth he hear it? no. 'Tis insensible, then. Yea,
 to the dead. But will it not live with the living?
 no. Why? detraction will not suffer it. Therefore
 I'll none of it. Honour is a mere scutcheon: and so
 ends my catechism.
 1 KING HENRY IV
EARL OF WORCESTER O, no, my nephew must not know, Sir Richard,
 The liberal and kind offer of the king.
VERNON 'Twere best he did.
EARL OF WORCESTER Then are we all undone.
 It is not possible, it cannot be,
 The king should keep his word in loving us;
 He will suspect us still and find a time
 To punish this offence in other faults:
 Suspicion all our lives shall be stuck full of eyes;
 For treason is but trusted like the fox,
 Who, ne'er so tame, so cherish'd and lock'd up,
 Will have a wild trick of his ancestors.
 Look how we can, or sad or merrily,
 Interpretation will misquote our looks,
 And we shall feed like oxen at a stall,
 The better cherish'd, still the nearer death.
 My nephew's trespass may be well forgot;
 it hath the excuse of youth and heat of blood,
 And an adopted name of privilege,
 A hairbrain'd Hotspur, govern'd by a spleen:
 All his offences live upon my head
 And on his father's; we did train him on,
 And, his corruption being ta'en from us,
 We, as the spring of all, shall pay for all.
 Therefore, good cousin, let not Harry know,
 In any case, the offer of the king.
VERNON Deliver what you will; I'll say 'tis so.
 Here comes your cousin.
HOTSPUR My uncle is return'd:
 Deliver up my Lord of Westmoreland.
 Uncle, what news?
EARL OF WORCESTER The king will bid you battle presently.
EARL OF DOUGLAS Defy him by the Lord of Westmoreland.
HOTSPUR Lord Douglas, go you and tell him so.
EARL OF DOUGLAS Marry, and shall, and very willingly.
EARL OF WORCESTER There is no seeming mercy in the king.
HOTSPUR Did you beg any? God forbid!
EARL OF WORCESTER I told him gently of our grievances,
 Of his oathbreaking; which he mended thus,
 By now forswearing that he is forsworn:
 He calls us rebels, traitors; and will scourge
 With haughty arms this hateful name in us.
EARL OF DOUGLAS Arm, gentlemen; to arms! for I have thrown
 A brave defiance in King Henry's teeth,
 And Westmoreland, that was engaged, did bear it;
 Which cannot choose but bring him quickly on.
EARL OF WORCESTER The Prince of Wales stepp'd forth before the king,
 And, nephew, challenged you to single fight.
HOTSPUR O, would the quarrel lay upon our heads,
 And that no man might draw short breath today
 But I and Harry Monmouth! Tell me, tell me,
 How show'd his tasking? seem'd it in contempt?
VERNON No, by my soul; I never in my life
 Did hear a challenge urged more modestly,
 Unless a brother should a brother dare
 To gentle exercise and proof of arms.
 He gave you all the duties of a man;
 Trimm'd up your praises with a princely tongue,
 Spoke to your deservings like a chronicle,
 Making you ever better than his praise
 By still dispraising praise valued in you;
 And, which became him like a prince indeed,
 He made a blushing cital of himself;
 And chid his truant youth with such a grace
 As if he master'd there a double spirit.
 Of teaching and of learning instantly.
 There did he pause: but let me tell the world,
 If he outlive the envy of this day,
 England did never owe so sweet a hope,
 So much misconstrued in his wantonness.
HOTSPUR Cousin, I think thou art enamoured
 On his follies: never did I hear
 Of any prince so wild a libertine.
 But be he as he will, yet once ere night
 I will embrace him with a soldier's arm,
 That he shall shrink under my courtesy.
 Arm, arm with speed: and, fellows, soldiers, friends,
 Better consider what you have to do
 Than I, that have not well the gift of tongue,
 Can lift your blood up with persuasion.
Messenger My lord, here are letters for you.
HOTSPUR I cannot read them now.
 O gentlemen, the time of life is short!
 To spend that shortness basely were too long,
 If life did ride upon a dial's point,
 Still ending at the arrival of an hour.
 An if we live, we live to tread on kings;
 If die, brave death, when princes die with us!
 Now, for our consciences, the arms are fair,
 When the intent of bearing them is just.
Messenger My lord, prepare; the king comes on apace.
HOTSPUR I thank him, that he cuts me from my tale,
 For I profess not talking; only this
 Let each man do his best: and here draw I
 A sword, whose temper I intend to stain
 With the best blood that I can meet withal
 In the adventure of this perilous day.
 Now, Esperance! Percy! and set on.
 Sound all the lofty instruments of war,
 And by that music let us all embrace;
 For, heaven to earth, some of us never shall
 A second time do such a courtesy.
 1 KING HENRY IV
 KING HENRY enters with his power. Alarum to the
SIR WALTER BLUNT What is thy name, that in the battle thus
 Thou crossest me? what honour dost thou seek
 Upon my head?
EARL OF DOUGLAS Know then, my name is Douglas;
 And I do haunt thee in the battle thus
 Because some tell me that thou art a king.
SIR WALTER BLUNT They tell thee true.
EARL OF DOUGLAS The Lord of Stafford dear today hath bought
 Thy likeness, for instead of thee, King Harry,
 This sword hath ended him: so shall it thee,
 Unless thou yield thee as my prisoner.
SIR WALTER BLUNT I was not born a yielder, thou proud Scot;
 And thou shalt find a king that will revenge
 Lord Stafford's death.
 They fight. DOUGLAS kills SIR WALTER BLUNT.
HOTSPUR O Douglas, hadst thou fought at Holmedon thus,
 never had triumph'd upon a Scot.
EARL OF DOUGLAS All's done, all's won; here breathless lies the king.
HOTSPUR Where?
EARL OF DOUGLAS Here.
HOTSPUR This, Douglas? no: I know this face full well:
 A gallant knight he was, his name was Blunt;
 Semblably furnish'd like the king himself.
EARL OF DOUGLAS A fool go with thy soul, whither it goes!
 A borrow'd title hast thou bought too dear:
 Why didst thou tell me that thou wert a king?
HOTSPUR The king hath many marching in his coats.
EARL OF DOUGLAS Now, by my sword, I will kill all his coats;
 I'll murder all his wardrobe, piece by piece,
 Until I meet the king.
HOTSPUR Up, and away!
 Our soldiers stand full fairly for the day.
FALSTAFF Though I could 'scape shotfree at London, I fear
 the shot here; here's no scoring but upon the pate.
 Soft! who are you? Sir Walter Blunt: there's honour
 for you! here's no vanity! I am as hot as moulten
 lead, and as heavy too: God keep lead out of me! I
 need no more weight than mine own bowels. I have
 led my ragamuffins where they are peppered: there's
 not three of my hundred and fifty left alive; and
 they are for the town's end, to beg during life.
 But who comes here?
PRINCE HENRY What, stand'st thou idle here? lend me thy sword:
 Many a nobleman lies stark and stiff
 Under the hoofs of vaunting enemies,
 Whose deaths are yet unrevenged: I prithee,
 lend me thy sword.
FALSTAFF O Hal, I prithee, give me leave to breathe awhile.
 Turk Gregory never did such deeds in arms as I have
 done this day. I have paid Percy, I have made him sure.
PRINCE HENRY He is, indeed; and living to kill thee. I prithee,
 lend me thy sword.
FALSTAFF Nay, before God, Hal, if Percy be alive, thou get'st
 not my sword; but take my pistol, if thou wilt.
PRINCE HENRY Give it to me: what, is it in the case?
FALSTAFF Ay, Hal; 'tis hot, 'tis hot; there's that will sack a city.
 PRINCE HENRY draws it out, and finds it to be a
PRINCE HENRY What, is it a time to jest and dally now?
FALSTAFF Well, if Percy be alive, I'll pierce him. If he do
 come in my way, so: if he do not, if I come in his
 willingly, let him make a carbonado of me. I like
 not such grinning honour as Sir Walter hath: give me
 life: which if I can save, so; if not, honour comes
 unlooked for, and there's an end.
 1 KING HENRY IV
 Alarum. Excursions. Enter PRINCE HENRY, LORD JOHN
KING HENRY IV I prithee,
 Harry, withdraw thyself; thou bleed'st too much.
 Lord John of Lancaster, go you with him.
LANCASTER Not I, my lord, unless I did bleed too.
PRINCE HENRY I beseech your majesty, make up,
 Lest your retirement do amaze your friends.
KING HENRY IV I will do so.
 My Lord of Westmoreland, lead him to his tent.
WESTMORELAND Come, my lord, I'll lead you to your tent.
PRINCE HENRY Lead me, my lord? I do not need your help:
 And God forbid a shallow scratch should drive
 The Prince of Wales from such a field as this,
 Where stain'd nobility lies trodden on,
 and rebels' arms triumph in massacres!
LANCASTER We breathe too long: come, cousin Westmoreland,
 Our duty this way lies; for God's sake come.
PRINCE HENRY By God, thou hast deceived me, Lancaster;
 I did not think thee lord of such a spirit:
 Before, I loved thee as a brother, John;
 But now, I do respect thee as my soul.
KING HENRY IV I saw him hold Lord Percy at the point
 With lustier maintenance than I did look for
 Of such an ungrown warrior.
PRINCE HENRY O, this boy
 Lends mettle to us all!
EARL OF DOUGLAS Another king! they grow like Hydra's heads:
 I am the Douglas, fatal to all those
 That wear those colours on them: what art thou,
 That counterfeit'st the person of a king?
KING HENRY IV The king himself; who, Douglas, grieves at heart
 So many of his shadows thou hast met
 And not the very king. I have two boys
 Seek Percy and thyself about the field:
 But, seeing thou fall'st on me so luckily,
 I will assay thee: so, defend thyself.
EARL OF DOUGLAS I fear thou art another counterfeit;
 And yet, in faith, thou bear'st thee like a king:
 But mine I am sure thou art, whoe'er thou be,
 And thus I win thee.
 They fight. KING HENRY being in danger, PRINCE
PRINCE HENRY Hold up thy head, vile Scot, or thou art like
 Never to hold it up again! the spirits
 Of valiant Shirley, Stafford, Blunt, are in my arms:
 It is the Prince of Wales that threatens thee;
 Who never promiseth but he means to pay.
 Cheerly, my lord how fares your grace?
 Sir Nicholas Gawsey hath for succor sent,
 And so hath Clifton: I'll to Clifton straight.
KING HENRY IV Stay, and breathe awhile:
 Thou hast redeem'd thy lost opinion,
 And show'd thou makest some tender of my life,
 In this fair rescue thou hast brought to me.
PRINCE HENRY O God! they did me too much injury
 That ever said I hearken'd for your death.
 If it were so, I might have let alone
 The insulting hand of Douglas over you,
 Which would have been as speedy in your end
 As all the poisonous potions in the world
 And saved the treacherous labour of your son.
KING HENRY IV Make up to Clifton: I'll to Sir Nicholas Gawsey.
HOTSPUR If I mistake not, thou art Harry Monmouth.
PRINCE HENRY Thou speak'st as if I would deny my name.
HOTSPUR My name is Harry Percy.
PRINCE HENRY Why, then I see
 A very valiant rebel of the name.
 I am the Prince of Wales; and think not, Percy,
 To share with me in glory any more:
 Two stars keep not their motion in one sphere;
 Nor can one England brook a double reign,
 Of Harry Percy and the Prince of Wales.
HOTSPUR Nor shall it, Harry; for the hour is come
 To end the one of us; and would to God
 Thy name in arms were now as great as mine!
PRINCE HENRY I'll make it greater ere I part from thee;
 And all the budding honours on thy crest
 I'll crop, to make a garland for my head.
HOTSPUR I can no longer brook thy vanities.
FALSTAFF Well said, Hal! to it Hal! Nay, you shall find no
 boy's play here, I can tell you.
 Reenter DOUGLAS; he fights with FALSTAFF,
 who falls down as if he were dead, and exit
HOTSPUR O, Harry, thou hast robb'd me of my youth!
 I better brook the loss of brittle life
 Than those proud titles thou hast won of me;
 They wound my thoughts worse than sword my flesh:
 But thought's the slave of life, and life time's fool;
 And time, that takes survey of all the world,
 Must have a stop. O, I could prophesy,
 But that the earthy and cold hand of death
 Lies on my tongue: no, Percy, thou art dust
 And food for
PRINCE HENRY For worms, brave Percy: fare thee well, great heart!
 Illweaved ambition, how much art thou shrunk!
 When that this body did contain a spirit,
 A kingdom for it was too small a bound;
 But now two paces of the vilest earth
 Is room enough: this earth that bears thee dead
 Bears not alive so stout a gentleman.
 If thou wert sensible of courtesy,
 I should not make so dear a show of zeal:
 But let my favours hide thy mangled face;
 And, even in thy behalf, I'll thank myself
 For doing these fair rites of tenderness.
 Adieu, and take thy praise with thee to heaven!
 Thy ignominy sleep with thee in the grave,
 But not remember'd in thy epitaph!
 What, old acquaintance! could not all this flesh
 Keep in a little life? Poor Jack, farewell!
 I could have better spared a better man:
 O, I should have a heavy miss of thee,
 If I were much in love with vanity!
 Death hath not struck so fat a deer today,
 Though many dearer, in this bloody fray.
 Embowell'd will I see thee by and by:
 Till then in blood by noble Percy lie.
 Embowelled! if thou embowel me today,
 I'll give you leave to powder me and eat me too
 tomorrow. 'Sblood,'twas time to counterfeit, or
 that hot termagant Scot had paid me scot and lot too.
 Counterfeit? I lie, I am no counterfeit: to die,
 is to be a counterfeit; for he is but the
 counterfeit of a man who hath not the life of a man:
 but to counterfeit dying, when a man thereby
 liveth, is to be no counterfeit, but the true and
 perfect image of life indeed. The better part of
 valour is discretion; in the which better part I
 have saved my life.'Zounds, I am afraid of this
 gunpowder Percy, though he be dead: how, if he
 should counterfeit too and rise? by my faith, I am
 afraid he would prove the better counterfeit.
 Therefore I'll make him sure; yea, and I'll swear I
 killed him. Why may not he rise as well as I?
 Nothing confutes me but eyes, and nobody sees me.
 Therefore, sirrah,
 with a new wound in your thigh, come you along with me.
PRINCE HENRY Come, brother John; full bravely hast thou flesh'd
 Thy maiden sword.
LANCASTER But, soft! whom have we here?
 Did you not tell me this fat man was dead?
PRINCE HENRY I did; I saw him dead,
 Breathless and bleeding on the ground. Art
 thou alive?
 Or is it fantasy that plays upon our eyesight?
 I prithee, speak; we will not trust our eyes
 Without our ears: thou art not what thou seem'st.
FALSTAFF No, that's certain; I am not a double man: but if I
 be not Jack Falstaff, then am I a Jack. There is Percy:
 if your father will do me any honour, so; if not, let
 him kill the next Percy himself. I look to be either
 earl or duke, I can assure you.
PRINCE HENRY Why, Percy I killed myself and saw thee dead.
FALSTAFF Didst thou? Lord, Lord, how this world is given to
 lying! I grant you I was down and out of breath;
 and so was he: but we rose both at an instant and
 fought a long hour by Shrewsbury clock. If I may be
 believed, so; if not, let them that should reward
 valour bear the sin upon their own heads. I'll take
 it upon my death, I gave him this wound in the
 thigh: if the man were alive and would deny it,
 'zounds, I would make him eat a piece of my sword.
LANCASTER This is the strangest tale that ever I heard.
PRINCE HENRY This is the strangest fellow, brother John.
 Come, bring your luggage nobly on your back:
 For my part, if a lie may do thee grace,
 I'll gild it with the happiest terms I have.
 The trumpet sounds retreat; the day is ours.
 Come, brother, let us to the highest of the field,
 To see what friends are living, who are dead.
FALSTAFF I'll follow, as they say, for reward. He that
 rewards me, God reward him! If I do grow great,
 I'll grow less; for I'll purge, and leave sack, and
 live cleanly as a nobleman should do.
 1 KING HENRY IV
 The trumpets sound. Enter KING HENRY IV, PRINCE
 HENRY, LORD JOHN LANCASTER, EARL OF WESTMORELAND,
KING HENRY IV Thus ever did rebellion find rebuke.
 Illspirited Worcester! did not we send grace,
 Pardon and terms of love to all of you?
 And wouldst thou turn our offers contrary?
 Misuse the tenor of thy kinsman's trust?
 Three knights upon our party slain today,
 A noble earl and many a creature else
 Had been alive this hour,
 If like a Christian thou hadst truly borne
 Betwixt our armies true intelligence.
EARL OF WORCESTER What I have done my safety urged me to;
 And I embrace this fortune patiently,
 Since not to be avoided it falls on me.
KING HENRY IV Bear Worcester to the death and Vernon too:
 Other offenders we will pause upon.
 How goes the field?
PRINCE HENRY The noble Scot, Lord Douglas, when he saw
 The fortune of the day quite turn'd from him,
 The noble Percy slain, and all his men
 Upon the foot of fear, fled with the rest;
 And falling from a hill, he was so bruised
 That the pursuers took him. At my tent
 The Douglas is; and I beseech your grace
 I may dispose of him.
KING HENRY IV With all my heart.
PRINCE HENRY Then, brother John of Lancaster, to you
 This honourable bounty shall belong:
 Go to the Douglas, and deliver him
 Up to his pleasure, ransomless and free:
 His valour shown upon our crests today
 Hath taught us how to cherish such high deeds
 Even in the bosom of our adversaries.
LANCASTER I thank your grace for this high courtesy,
 Which I shall give away immediately.
KING HENRY IV Then this remains, that we divide our power.
 You, son John, and my cousin Westmoreland
 Towards York shall bend you with your dearest speed,
 To meet Northumberland and the prelate Scroop,
 Who, as we hear, are busily in arms:
 Myself and you, son Harry, will towards Wales,
 To fight with Glendower and the Earl of March.
 Rebellion in this land shall lose his sway,
 Meeting the cheque of such another day:
 And since this business so fair is done,
 Let us not leave till all our own be won.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 DRAMATIS PERSONAE
KING
HENRY THE SIXTH 
DUKE OF GLOUCESTER uncle to the King, and Protector. 
DUKE OF BEDFORD uncle to the King, and Regent of France. 
THOMAS BEAUFORT Duke of Exeter, greatuncle to the King. 
HENRY BEAUFORT greatuncle to the King, Bishop of Winchester, and
 afterwards Cardinal. 
JOHN BEAUFORT Earl, afterwards Duke, of Somerset. 
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET son of Richard late Earl of Cambridge, (RICHARD
 PLANTAGENET:) afterwards Duke of York.
 
EARL OF WARWICK 
EARL OF SALISBURY 
EARL OF SUFFOLK 
LORD TALBOT afterwards Earl of Shrewsbury. 
JOHN TALBOT Lord Talbot's son.
EDMUND MORTIMER Earl of March. 
SIR JOHN FASTOLFE 
SIR WILLIAM LUCY 
SIR
WILLIAM GLANSDALE 
SIR
THOMAS GARGRAVE 
Mayor of London 
WOODVILE Lieutenant of the Tower.
VERNON of the WhiteRose or York faction.
BASSET of the RedRose or Lancaster faction.
 A Lawyer. 
 Mortimer's Keepers. 
CHARLES Dauphin, and afterwards King, of France.
REIGNIER Duke of Anjou, and titular King of Naples.
DUKE OF BURGUNDY 
DUKE OF ALENCON 
BASTARD OF ORLEANS:
 Governor of Paris.
 MasterGunner of Orleans, 
 and his Son. 
 General of the French forces in Bourdeaux. 
 A French Sergeant. 
 A Porter.
 An old Shepherd, father to Joan la Pucelle. 
MARGARET daughter to Reignier, afterwards married to King Henry.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE:
JOAN LA PUCELLE commonly called Joan of Arc.
 Lords, Warders of the Tower, Heralds, Officers,
 Soldiers, Messengers, and Attendants.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fiends appearing to La Pucelle.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Dead March. Enter the Funeral of KING HENRY the
 Fifth, attended on by Dukes of BEDFORD, Regent of
 France; GLOUCESTER, Protector; and EXETER, Earl of
BEDFORD Hung be the heavens with black, yield day to night!
 Comets, importing change of times and states,
 Brandish your crystal tresses in the sky,
 And with them scourge the bad revolting stars
 That have consented unto Henry's death!
 King Henry the Fifth, too famous to live long!
 England ne'er lost a king of so much worth.
GLOUCESTER England ne'er had a king until his time.
 Virtue he had, deserving to command:
 His brandish'd sword did blind men with his beams:
 His arms spread wider than a dragon's wings;
 His sparking eyes, replete with wrathful fire,
 More dazzled and drove back his enemies
 Than midday sun fierce bent against their faces.
 What should I say? his deeds exceed all speech:
 He ne'er lift up his hand but conquered.
EXETER We mourn in black: why mourn we not in blood?
 Henry is dead and never shall revive:
 Upon a wooden coffin we attend,
 And death's dishonourable victory
 We with our stately presence glorify,
 Like captives bound to a triumphant car.
 What! shall we curse the planets of mishap
 That plotted thus our glory's overthrow?
 Or shall we think the subtlewitted French
 Conjurers and sorcerers, that afraid of him
 By magic verses have contrived his end?
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER He was a king bless'd of the King of kings.
 Unto the French the dreadful judgementday
 So dreadful will not be as was his sight.
 The battles of the Lord of hosts he fought:
 The church's prayers made him so prosperous.
GLOUCESTER The church! where is it? Had not churchmen pray'd,
 His thread of life had not so soon decay'd:
 None do you like but an effeminate prince,
 Whom, like a schoolboy, you may overawe.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Gloucester, whate'er we like, thou art protector
 And lookest to command the prince and realm.
 Thy wife is proud; she holdeth thee in awe,
 More than God or religious churchmen may.
GLOUCESTER Name not religion, for thou lovest the flesh,
 And ne'er throughout the year to church thou go'st
 Except it be to pray against thy foes.
BEDFORD Cease, cease these jars and rest your minds in peace:
 Let's to the altar: heralds, wait on us:
 Instead of gold, we'll offer up our arms:
 Since arms avail not now that Henry's dead.
 Posterity, await for wretched years,
 When at their mothers' moist eyes babes shall suck,
 Our isle be made a nourish of salt tears,
 And none but women left to wail the dead.
 Henry the Fifth, thy ghost I invocate:
 Prosper this realm, keep it from civil broils,
 Combat with adverse planets in the heavens!
 A far more glorious star thy soul will make
 Than Julius Caesar or bright
Messenger My honourable lords, health to you all!
 Sad tidings bring I to you out of France,
 Of loss, of slaughter and discomfiture:
 Guienne, Champagne, Rheims, Orleans,
 Paris, Guysors, Poictiers, are all quite lost.
BEDFORD What say'st thou, man, before dead Henry's corse?
 Speak softly, or the loss of those great towns
 Will make him burst his lead and rise from death.
GLOUCESTER Is Paris lost? is Rouen yielded up?
 If Henry were recall'd to life again,
 These news would cause him once more yield the ghost.
EXETER How were they lost? what treachery was used?
Messenger No treachery; but want of men and money.
 Amongst the soldiers this is muttered,
 That here you maintain several factions,
 And whilst a field should be dispatch'd and fought,
 You are disputing of your generals:
 One would have lingering wars with little cost;
 Another would fly swift, but wanteth wings;
 A third thinks, without expense at all,
 By guileful fair words peace may be obtain'd.
 Awake, awake, English nobility!
 Let not sloth dim your horrors newbegot:
 Cropp'd are the flowerdeluces in your arms;
 Of England's coat one half is cut away.
EXETER Were our tears wanting to this funeral,
 These tidings would call forth their flowing tides.
BEDFORD Me they concern; Regent I am of France.
 Give me my steeled coat. I'll fight for France.
 Away with these disgraceful wailing robes!
 Wounds will I lend the French instead of eyes,
 To weep their intermissive miseries.
Messenger Lords, view these letters full of bad mischance.
 France is revolted from the English quite,
 Except some petty towns of no import:
 The Dauphin Charles is crowned king of Rheims;
 The Bastard of Orleans with him is join'd;
 Reignier, Duke of Anjou, doth take his part;
 The Duke of Alencon flieth to his side.
EXETER The Dauphin crowned king! all fly to him!
 O, whither shall we fly from this reproach?
GLOUCESTER We will not fly, but to our enemies' throats.
 Bedford, if thou be slack, I'll fight it out.
BEDFORD Gloucester, why doubt'st thou of my forwardness?
 An army have I muster'd in my thoughts,
 Wherewith already France is overrun.
Messenger My gracious lords, to add to your laments,
 Wherewith you now bedew King Henry's hearse,
 I must inform you of a dismal fight
 Betwixt the stout Lord Talbot and the French.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER What! wherein Talbot overcame? is't so?
Messenger O, no; wherein Lord Talbot was o'erthrown:
 The circumstance I'll tell you more at large.
 The tenth of August last this dreadful lord,
 Retiring from the siege of Orleans,
 Having full scarce six thousand in his troop.
 By three and twenty thousand of the French
 Was round encompassed and set upon.
 No leisure had he to enrank his men;
 He wanted pikes to set before his archers;
 Instead whereof sharp stakes pluck'd out of hedges
 They pitched in the ground confusedly,
 To keep the horsemen off from breaking in.
 More than three hours the fight continued;
 Where valiant Talbot above human thought
 Enacted wonders with his sword and lance:
 Hundreds he sent to hell, and none durst stand him;
 Here, there, and every where, enraged he flew:
 The French exclaim'd, the devil was in arms;
 All the whole army stood agazed on him:
 His soldiers spying his undaunted spirit
 A Talbot! a Talbot! cried out amain
 And rush'd into the bowels of the battle.
 Here had the conquest fully been seal'd up,
 If Sir John Fastolfe had not play'd the coward:
 He, being in the vaward, placed behind
 With purpose to relieve and follow them,
 Cowardly fled, not having struck one stroke.
 Hence grew the general wreck and massacre;
 Enclosed were they with their enemies:
 A base Walloon, to win the Dauphin's grace,
 Thrust Talbot with a spear into the back,
 Whom all France with their chief assembled strength
 Durst not presume to look once in the face.
BEDFORD Is Talbot slain? then I will slay myself,
 For living idly here in pomp and ease,
 Whilst such a worthy leader, wanting aid,
 Unto his dastard foemen is betray'd.
Messenger O no, he lives; but is took prisoner,
 And Lord Scales with him and Lord Hungerford:
 Most of the rest slaughter'd or took likewise.
BEDFORD His ransom there is none but I shall pay:
 I'll hale the Dauphin headlong from his throne:
 His crown shall be the ransom of my friend;
 Four of their lords I'll change for one of ours.
 Farewell, my masters; to my task will I;
 Bonfires in France forthwith I am to make,
 To keep our great Saint George's feast withal:
 Ten thousand soldiers with me I will take,
 Whose bloody deeds shall make all Europe quake.
Messenger So you had need; for Orleans is besieged;
 The English army is grown weak and faint:
 The Earl of Salisbury craveth supply,
 And hardly keeps his men from mutiny,
 Since they, so few, watch such a multitude.
EXETER Remember, lords, your oaths to Henry sworn,
 Either to quell the Dauphin utterly,
 Or bring him in obedience to your yoke.
BEDFORD I do remember it; and here take my leave,
 To go about my preparation.
GLOUCESTER I'll to the Tower with all the haste I can,
 To view the artillery and munition;
 And then I will proclaim young Henry king.
EXETER To Eltham will I, where the young king is,
 Being ordain'd his special governor,
 And for his safety there I'll best devise.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Each hath his place and function to attend:
 I am left out; for me nothing remains.
 But long I will not be Jack out of office:
 The king from Eltham I intend to steal
 And sit at chiefest stern of public weal.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Sound a flourish. Enter CHARLES, ALENCON, and
CHARLES Mars his true moving, even as in the heavens
 So in the earth, to this day is not known:
 Late did he shine upon the English side;
 Now we are victors; upon us he smiles.
 What towns of any moment but we have?
 At pleasure here we lie near Orleans;
 Otherwhiles the famish'd English, like pale ghosts,
 Faintly besiege us one hour in a month.
ALENCON They want their porridge and their fat bullbeeves:
 Either they must be dieted like mules
 And have their provender tied to their mouths
 Or piteous they will look, like drowned mice.
REIGNIER Let's raise the siege: why live we idly here?
 Talbot is taken, whom we wont to fear:
 Remaineth none but madbrain'd Salisbury;
 And he may well in fretting spend his gall,
 Nor men nor money hath he to make war.
CHARLES Sound, sound alarum! we will rush on them.
 Now for the honour of the forlorn French!
 Him I forgive my death that killeth me
 When he sees me go back one foot or fly.
 Here alarum; they are beaten back by the English
CHARLES Who ever saw the like? what men have I!
 Dogs! cowards! dastards! I would ne'er have fled,
 But that they left me 'midst my enemies.
REIGNIER Salisbury is a desperate homicide;
 He fighteth as one weary of his life.
 The other lords, like lions wanting food,
 Do rush upon us as their hungry prey.
ALENCON Froissart, a countryman of ours, records,
 England all Olivers and Rowlands bred,
 During the time Edward the Third did reign.
 More truly now may this be verified;
 For none but Samsons and Goliases
 It sendeth forth to skirmish. One to ten!
 Lean, rawboned rascals! who would e'er suppose
 They had such courage and audacity?
CHARLES Let's leave this town; for they are harebrain'd slaves,
 And hunger will enforce them to be more eager:
 Of old I know them; rather with their teeth
 The walls they'll tear down than forsake the siege.
REIGNIER I think, by some odd gimmors or device
 Their arms are set like clocks, stiff to strike on;
 Else ne'er could they hold out so as they do.
 By my consent, we'll even let them alone.
ALENCON Be it so.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS Where's the Prince Dauphin? I have news for him.
CHARLES Bastard of Orleans, thrice welcome to us.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS Methinks your looks are sad, your cheer appall'd:
 Hath the late overthrow wrought this offence?
 Be not dismay'd, for succor is at hand:
 A holy maid hither with me I bring,
 Which by a vision sent to her from heaven
 Ordained is to raise this tedious siege
 And drive the English forth the bounds of France.
 The spirit of deep prophecy she hath,
 Exceeding the nine sibyls of old Rome:
 What's past and what's to come she can descry.
 Speak, shall I call her in? Believe my words,
 For they are certain and unfallible.
CHARLES Go, call her in.
 But first, to try her skill,
 Reignier, stand thou as Dauphin in my place:
 Question her proudly; let thy looks be stern:
 By this means shall we sound what skill she hath.
REIGNIER Fair maid, is't thou wilt do these wondrous feats?
JOAN LA PUCELLE Reignier, is't thou that thinkest to beguile me?
 Where is the Dauphin? Come, come from behind;
 I know thee well, though never seen before.
 Be not amazed, there's nothing hid from me:
 In private will I talk with thee apart.
 Stand back, you lords, and give us leave awhile.
REIGNIER She takes upon her bravely at first dash.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Dauphin, I am by birth a shepherd's daughter,
 My wit untrain'd in any kind of art.
 Heaven and our Lady gracious hath it pleased
 To shine on my contemptible estate:
 Lo, whilst I waited on my tender lambs,
 And to sun's parching heat display'd my cheeks,
 God's mother deigned to appear to me
 And in a vision full of majesty
 Will'd me to leave my base vocation
 And free my country from calamity:
 Her aid she promised and assured success:
 In complete glory she reveal'd herself;
 And, whereas I was black and swart before,
 With those clear rays which she infused on me
 That beauty am I bless'd with which you see.
 Ask me what question thou canst possible,
 And I will answer unpremeditated:
 My courage try by combat, if thou darest,
 And thou shalt find that I exceed my sex.
 Resolve on this, thou shalt be fortunate,
 If thou receive me for thy warlike mate.
CHARLES Thou hast astonish'd me with thy high terms:
 Only this proof I'll of thy valour make,
 In single combat thou shalt buckle with me,
 And if thou vanquishest, thy words are true;
 Otherwise I renounce all confidence.
JOAN LA PUCELLE I am prepared: here is my keenedged sword,
 Deck'd with five flowerdeluces on each side;
 The which at Touraine, in Saint Katharine's
 churchyard,
 Out of a great deal of old iron I chose forth.
CHARLES Then come, o' God's name; I fear no woman.
JOAN LA PUCELLE And while I live, I'll ne'er fly from a man.
CHARLES Stay, stay thy hands! thou art an Amazon
 And fightest with the sword of Deborah.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Christ's mother helps me, else I were too weak.
CHARLES Whoe'er helps thee, 'tis thou that must help me:
 Impatiently I burn with thy desire;
 My heart and hands thou hast at once subdued.
 Excellent Pucelle, if thy name be so,
 Let me thy servant and not sovereign be:
 'Tis the French Dauphin sueth to thee thus.
JOAN LA PUCELLE I must not yield to any rites of love,
 For my profession's sacred from above:
 When I have chased all thy foes from hence,
 Then will I think upon a recompense.
CHARLES Meantime look gracious on thy prostrate thrall.
REIGNIER My lord, methinks, is very long in talk.
ALENCON Doubtless he shrives this woman to her smock;
 Else ne'er could he so long protract his speech.
REIGNIER Shall we disturb him, since he keeps no mean?
ALENCON He may mean more than we poor men do know:
 These women are shrewd tempters with their tongues.
REIGNIER My lord, where are you? what devise you on?
 Shall we give over Orleans, or no?
JOAN LA PUCELLE Why, no, I say, distrustful recreants!
 Fight till the last gasp; I will be your guard.
CHARLES What she says I'll confirm: we'll fight it out.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Assign'd am I to be the English scourge.
 This night the siege assuredly I'll raise:
 Expect Saint Martin's summer, halcyon days,
 Since I have entered into these wars.
 Glory is like a circle in the water,
 Which never ceaseth to enlarge itself
 Till by broad spreading it disperse to nought.
 With Henry's death the English circle ends;
 Dispersed are the glories it included.
 Now am I like that proud insulting ship
 Which Caesar and his fortune bare at once.
CHARLES Was Mahomet inspired with a dove?
 Thou with an eagle art inspired then.
 Helen, the mother of great Constantine,
 Nor yet Saint Philip's daughters, were like thee.
 Bright star of Venus, fall'n down on the earth,
 How may I reverently worship thee enough?
ALENCON Leave off delays, and let us raise the siege.
REIGNIER Woman, do what thou canst to save our honours;
 Drive them from Orleans and be immortalized.
CHARLES Presently we'll try: come, let's away about it:
 No prophet will I trust, if she prove false.
 1 KING HENRY VI
GLOUCESTER I am come to survey the Tower this day:
 Since Henry's death, I fear, there is conveyance.
 Where be these warders, that they wait not here?
 Open the gates; 'tis Gloucester that calls.
 Who's there that knocks so imperiously?
First ServingMan It is the noble Duke of Gloucester.
 Whoe'er he be, you may not be let in.
First ServingMan Villains, answer you so the lord protector?
 The Lord protect him! so we answer him:
 We do no otherwise than we are will'd.
GLOUCESTER Who willed you? or whose will stands but mine?
 There's none protector of the realm but I.
 Break up the gates, I'll be your warrantize.
 Shall I be flouted thus by dunghill grooms?
 Gloucester's men rush at the Tower Gates, and
WOODVILE What noise is this? what traitors have we here?
GLOUCESTER Lieutenant, is it you whose voice I hear?
 Open the gates; here's Gloucester that would enter.
WOODVILE Have patience, noble duke; I may not open;
 The Cardinal of Winchester forbids:
 From him I have express commandment
 That thou nor none of thine shall be let in.
GLOUCESTER Fainthearted Woodvile, prizest him 'fore me?
 Arrogant Winchester, that haughty prelate,
 Whom Henry, our late sovereign, ne'er could brook?
 Thou art no friend to God or to the king:
 Open the gates, or I'll shut thee out shortly.
ServingMen Open the gates unto the lord protector,
 Or we'll burst them open, if that you come not quickly.
 Enter to the Protector at the Tower Gates BISHOP
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER How now, ambitious Humphry! what means this?
GLOUCESTER Peel'd priest, dost thou command me to be shut out?
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER I do, thou most usurping proditor,
 And not protector, of the king or realm.
GLOUCESTER Stand back, thou manifest conspirator,
 Thou that contrivedst to murder our dead lord;
 Thou that givest whores indulgences to sin:
 I'll canvass thee in thy broad cardinal's hat,
 If thou proceed in this thy insolence.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Nay, stand thou back, I will not budge a foot:
 This be Damascus, be thou cursed Cain,
 To slay thy brother Abel, if thou wilt.
GLOUCESTER I will not slay thee, but I'll drive thee back:
 Thy scarlet robes as a child's bearingcloth
 I'll use to carry thee out of this place.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Do what thou darest; I beard thee to thy face.
GLOUCESTER What! am I dared and bearded to my face?
 Draw, men, for all this privileged place;
 Blue coats to tawny coats. Priest, beware your beard,
 I mean to tug it and to cuff you soundly:
 Under my feet I stamp thy cardinal's hat:
 In spite of pope or dignities of church,
 Here by the cheeks I'll drag thee up and down.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Gloucester, thou wilt answer this before the pope.
GLOUCESTER Winchester goose, I cry, a rope! a rope!
 Now beat them hence; why do you let them stay?
 Thee I'll chase hence, thou wolf in sheep's array.
 Out, tawny coats! out, scarlet hypocrite!
 Here GLOUCESTER's men beat out BISHOP OF
 WINCHESTER's men, and enter in the hurly
Mayor Fie, lords! that you, being supreme magistrates,
 Thus contumeliously should break the peace!
GLOUCESTER Peace, mayor! thou know'st little of my wrongs:
 Here's Beaufort, that regards nor God nor king,
 Hath here distrain'd the Tower to his use.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Here's Gloucester, a foe to citizens,
 One that still motions war and never peace,
 O'ercharging your free purses with large fines,
 That seeks to overthrow religion,
 Because he is protector of the realm,
 And would have armour here out of the Tower,
 To crown himself king and suppress the prince.
GLOUCESTER I will not answer thee with words, but blows.
Mayor Naught rests for me in this tumultuous strife
 But to make open proclamation:
 Come, officer; as loud as e'er thou canst,
 Cry.
Officer All manner of men assembled here in arms this day
 against God's peace and the king's, we charge and
 command you, in his highness' name, to repair to
 your several dwellingplaces; and not to wear,
 handle, or use any sword, weapon, or dagger,
 henceforward, upon pain of death.
GLOUCESTER Cardinal, I'll be no breaker of the law:
 But we shall meet, and break our minds at large.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Gloucester, we will meet; to thy cost, be sure:
 Thy heartblood I will have for this day's work.
Mayor I'll call for clubs, if you will not away.
 This cardinal's more haughty than the devil.
GLOUCESTER Mayor, farewell: thou dost but what thou mayst.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Abominable Gloucester, guard thy head;
 For I intend to have it ere long.
 Exeunt, severally, GLOUCESTER and BISHOP OF
Mayor See the coast clear'd, and then we will depart.
 Good God, these nobles should such stomachs bear!
 I myself fight not once in forty year.
 1 KING HENRY VI
MasterGunner Sirrah, thou know'st how Orleans is besieged,
 And how the English have the suburbs won.
Boy Father, I know; and oft have shot at them,
 Howe'er unfortunate I miss'd my aim.
MasterGunner But now thou shalt not. Be thou ruled by me:
 Chief mastergunner am I of this town;
 Something I must do to procure me grace.
 The prince's espials have informed me
 How the English, in the suburbs close intrench'd,
 Wont, through a secret grate of iron bars
 In yonder tower, to overpeer the city,
 And thence discover how with most advantage
 They may vex us with shot, or with assault.
 To intercept this inconvenience,
 A piece of ordnance 'gainst it I have placed;
 And even these three days have I watch'd,
 If I could see them.
 Now do thou watch, for I can stay no longer.
 If thou spy'st any, run and bring me word;
 And thou shalt find me at the governor's.
Boy Father, I warrant you; take you no care;
 I'll never trouble you, if I may spy them.
 Enter, on the turrets, SALISBURY and TALBOT,
SALISBURY Talbot, my life, my joy, again return'd!
 How wert thou handled being prisoner?
 Or by what means got'st thou to be released?
 Discourse, I prithee, on this turret's top.
TALBOT The Duke of Bedford had a prisoner
 Call'd the brave Lord Ponton de Santrailles;
 For him was I exchanged and ransomed.
 But with a baser man of arms by far
 Once in contempt they would have barter'd me:
 Which I, disdaining, scorn'd; and craved death,
 Rather than I would be so vile esteem'd.
 In fine, redeem'd I was as I desired.
 But, O! the treacherous Fastolfe wounds my heart,
 Whom with my bare fists I would execute,
 If I now had him brought into my power.
SALISBURY Yet tell'st thou not how thou wert entertain'd.
TALBOT With scoffs and scorns and contumelious taunts.
 In open marketplace produced they me,
 To be a public spectacle to all:
 Here, said they, is the terror of the French,
 The scarecrow that affrights our children so.
 Then broke I from the officers that led me,
 And with my nails digg'd stones out of the ground,
 To hurl at the beholders of my shame:
 My grisly countenance made others fly;
 None durst come near for fear of sudden death.
 In iron walls they deem'd me not secure;
 So great fear of my name 'mongst them was spread,
 That they supposed I could rend bars of steel,
 And spurn in pieces posts of adamant:
 Wherefore a guard of chosen shot I had,
 That walked about me every minutewhile;
 And if I did but stir out of my bed,
 Ready they were to shoot me to the heart.
SALISBURY I grieve to hear what torments you endured,
 But we will be revenged sufficiently
 Now it is suppertime in Orleans:
 Here, through this grate, I count each one
 and view the Frenchmen how they fortify:
 Let us look in; the sight will much delight thee.
 Sir Thomas Gargrave, and Sir William Glansdale,
 Let me have your express opinions
 Where is best place to make our battery next.
GARGRAVE I think, at the north gate; for there stand lords.
GLANSDALE And I, here, at the bulwark of the bridge.
TALBOT For aught I see, this city must be famish'd,
 Or with light skirmishes enfeebled.
SALISBURY O Lord, have mercy on us, wretched sinners!
GARGRAVE O Lord, have mercy on me, woful man!
TALBOT What chance is this that suddenly hath cross'd us?
 Speak, Salisbury; at least, if thou canst speak:
 How farest thou, mirror of all martial men?
 One of thy eyes and thy cheek's side struck off!
 Accursed tower! accursed fatal hand
 That hath contrived this woful tragedy!
 In thirteen battles Salisbury o'ercame;
 Henry the Fifth he first train'd to the wars;
 Whilst any trump did sound, or drum struck up,
 His sword did ne'er leave striking in the field.
 Yet livest thou, Salisbury? though thy speech doth fail,
 One eye thou hast, to look to heaven for grace:
 The sun with one eye vieweth all the world.
 Heaven, be thou gracious to none alive,
 If Salisbury wants mercy at thy hands!
 Bear hence his body; I will help to bury it.
 Sir Thomas Gargrave, hast thou any life?
 Speak unto Talbot; nay, look up to him.
 Salisbury, cheer thy spirit with this comfort;
 Thou shalt not die whiles
 He beckons with his hand and smiles on me.
 As who should say 'When I am dead and gone,
 Remember to avenge me on the French.'
 Plantagenet, I will; and like thee, Nero,
 Play on the lute, beholding the towns burn:
 Wretched shall France be only in my name.
 What stir is this? what tumult's in the heavens?
 Whence cometh this alarum and the noise?
Messenger My lord, my lord, the French have gathered head:
 The Dauphin, with one Joan la Pucelle join'd,
 A holy prophetess new risen up,
 Is come with a great power to raise the siege.
TALBOT Hear, hear how dying Salisbury doth groan!
 It irks his heart he cannot be revenged.
 Frenchmen, I'll be a Salisbury to you:
 Pucelle or puzzel, dolphin or dogfish,
 Your hearts I'll stamp out with my horse's heels,
 And make a quagmire of your mingled brains.
 Convey me Salisbury into his tent,
 And then we'll try what these dastard Frenchmen dare.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Here an alarum again: and TALBOT pursueth the
 DAUPHIN, and driveth him: then enter JOAN LA
 PUCELLE, driving Englishmen before her, and exit
TALBOT Where is my strength, my valour, and my force?
 Our English troops retire, I cannot stay them:
 A woman clad in armour chaseth them.
 Here, here she comes. I'll have a bout with thee;
 Devil or devil's dam, I'll conjure thee:
 Blood will I draw on thee, thou art a witch,
 And straightway give thy soul to him thou servest.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Come, come, 'tis only I that must disgrace thee.
TALBOT Heavens, can you suffer hell so to prevail?
 My breast I'll burst with straining of my courage
 And from my shoulders crack my arms asunder.
 But I will chastise this highminded strumpet.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Talbot, farewell; thy hour is not yet come:
 I must go victual Orleans forthwith.
 O'ertake me, if thou canst; I scorn thy strength.
 Go, go, cheer up thy hungrystarved men;
 Help Salisbury to make his testament:
 This day is ours, as many more shall be.
TALBOT My thoughts are whirled like a potter's wheel;
 I know not where I am, nor what I do;
 A witch, by fear, not force, like Hannibal,
 Drives back our troops and conquers as she lists:
 So bees with smoke and doves with noisome stench
 Are from their hives and houses driven away.
 They call'd us for our fierceness English dogs;
 Now, like to whelps, we crying run away.
 Hark, countrymen! either renew the fight,
 Or tear the lions out of England's coat;
 Renounce your soil, give sheep in lions' stead:
 Sheep run not half so treacherous from the wolf,
 Or horse or oxen from the leopard,
 As you fly from your oftsubdued slaves.
 It will not be: retire into your trenches:
 You all consented unto Salisbury's death,
 For none would strike a stroke in his revenge.
 Pucelle is enter'd into Orleans,
 In spite of us or aught that we could do.
 O, would I were to die with Salisbury!
 The shame hereof will make me hide my head.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter, on the walls, JOAN LA PUCELLE, CHARLES,
JOAN LA PUCELLE Advance our waving colours on the walls;
 Rescued is Orleans from the English
 Thus Joan la Pucelle hath perform'd her word.
CHARLES Divinest creature, Astraea's daughter,
 How shall I honour thee for this success?
 Thy promises are like Adonis' gardens
 That one day bloom'd and fruitful were the next.
 France, triumph in thy glorious prophetess!
 Recover'd is the town of Orleans:
 More blessed hap did ne'er befall our state.
REIGNIER Why ring not out the bells aloud throughout the town?
 Dauphin, command the citizens make bonfires
 And feast and banquet in the open streets,
 To celebrate the joy that God hath given us.
ALENCON All France will be replete with mirth and joy,
 When they shall hear how we have play'd the men.
CHARLES 'Tis Joan, not we, by whom the day is won;
 For which I will divide my crown with her,
 And all the priests and friars in my realm
 Shall in procession sing her endless praise.
 A statelier pyramis to her I'll rear
 Than Rhodope's or Memphis' ever was:
 In memory of her when she is dead,
 Her ashes, in an urn more precious
 Than the richjewel'd of Darius,
 Transported shall be at high festivals
 Before the kings and queens of France.
 No longer on Saint Denis will we cry,
 But Joan la Pucelle shall be France's saint.
 Come in, and let us banquet royally,
 After this golden day of victory.
 1 KING HENRY VI
Sergeant Sirs, take your places and be vigilant:
 If any noise or soldier you perceive
 Near to the walls, by some apparent sign
 Let us have knowledge at the court of guard.
First Sentinel Sergeant, you shall.
 Thus are poor servitors,
 When others sleep upon their quiet beds,
 Constrain'd to watch in darkness, rain and cold.
 Enter TALBOT, BEDFORD, BURGUNDY, and Forces, with
TALBOT Lord Regent, and redoubted Burgundy,
 By whose approach the regions of Artois,
 Wallon and Picardy are friends to us,
 This happy night the Frenchmen are secure,
 Having all day caroused and banqueted:
 Embrace we then this opportunity
 As fitting best to quittance their deceit
 Contrived by art and baleful sorcery.
BEDFORD Coward of France! how much he wrongs his fame,
 Despairing of his own arm's fortitude,
 To join with witches and the help of hell!
BURGUNDY Traitors have never other company.
 But what's that Pucelle whom they term so pure?
TALBOT A maid, they say.
BEDFORD A maid! and be so martial!
BURGUNDY Pray God she prove not masculine ere long,
 If underneath the standard of the French
 She carry armour as she hath begun.
TALBOT Well, let them practise and converse with spirits:
 God is our fortress, in whose conquering name
 Let us resolve to scale their flinty bulwarks.
BEDFORD Ascend, brave Talbot; we will follow thee.
TALBOT Not all together: better far, I guess,
 That we do make our entrance several ways;
 That, if it chance the one of us do fail,
 The other yet may rise against their force.
BEDFORD Agreed: I'll to yond corner.
BURGUNDY And I to this.
TALBOT And here will Talbot mount, or make his grave.
 Now, Salisbury, for thee, and for the right
 Of English Henry, shall this night appear
 How much in duty I am bound to both.
Sentinels Arm! arm! the enemy doth make assault!
 The French leap over the walls in their shirts.
 Enter, several ways, the BASTARD OF ORLEANS,
ALENCON How now, my lords! what, all unready so?
BASTARD OF ORLEANS Unready! ay, and glad we 'scaped so well.
REIGNIER 'Twas time, I trow, to wake and leave our beds,
 Hearing alarums at our chamberdoors.
ALENCON Of all exploits since first I follow'd arms,
 Ne'er heard I of a warlike enterprise
 More venturous or desperate than this.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS I think this Talbot be a fiend of hell.
REIGNIER If not of hell, the heavens, sure, favour him.
ALENCON Here cometh Charles: I marvel how he sped.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS Tut, holy Joan was his defensive guard.
CHARLES Is this thy cunning, thou deceitful dame?
 Didst thou at first, to flatter us withal,
 Make us partakers of a little gain,
 That now our loss might be ten times so much?
JOAN LA PUCELLE Wherefore is Charles impatient with his friend!
 At all times will you have my power alike?
 Sleeping or waking must I still prevail,
 Or will you blame and lay the fault on me?
 Improvident soldiers! had your watch been good,
 This sudden mischief never could have fall'n.
CHARLES Duke of Alencon, this was your default,
 That, being captain of the watch tonight,
 Did look no better to that weighty charge.
ALENCON Had all your quarters been as safely kept
 As that whereof I had the government,
 We had not been thus shamefully surprised.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS Mine was secure.
REIGNIER And so was mine, my lord.
CHARLES And, for myself, most part of all this night,
 Within her quarter and mine own precinct
 I was employ'd in passing to and fro,
 About relieving of the sentinels:
 Then how or which way should they first break in?
JOAN LA PUCELLE Question, my lords, no further of the case,
 How or which way: 'tis sure they found some place
 But weakly guarded, where the breach was made.
 And now there rests no other shift but this;
 To gather our soldiers, scatter'd and dispersed,
 And lay new platforms to endamage them.
 Alarum. Enter an English Soldier, crying 'A
 Talbot! a Talbot!' They fly, leaving their
Soldier I'll be so bold to take what they have left.
 The cry of Talbot serves me for a sword;
 For I have loaden me with many spoils,
 Using no other weapon but his name.
 1 KING HENRY VI
BEDFORD The day begins to break, and night is fled,
 Whose pitchy mantle overveil'd the earth.
 Here sound retreat, and cease our hot pursuit.
TALBOT Bring forth the body of old Salisbury,
 And here advance it in the marketplace,
 The middle centre of this cursed town.
 Now have I paid my vow unto his soul;
 For every drop of blood was drawn from him,
 There hath at least five Frenchmen died tonight.
 And that hereafter ages may behold
 What ruin happen'd in revenge of him,
 Within their chiefest temple I'll erect
 A tomb, wherein his corpse shall be interr'd:
 Upon the which, that every one may read,
 Shall be engraved the sack of Orleans,
 The treacherous manner of his mournful death
 And what a terror he had been to France.
 But, lords, in all our bloody massacre,
 I muse we met not with the Dauphin's grace,
 His newcome champion, virtuous Joan of Arc,
 Nor any of his false confederates.
BEDFORD 'Tis thought, Lord Talbot, when the fight began,
 Roused on the sudden from their drowsy beds,
 They did amongst the troops of armed men
 Leap o'er the walls for refuge in the field.
BURGUNDY Myself, as far as I could well discern
 For smoke and dusky vapours of the night,
 Am sure I scared the Dauphin and his trull,
 When arm in arm they both came swiftly running,
 Like to a pair of loving turtledoves
 That could not live asunder day or night.
 After that things are set in order here,
 We'll follow them with all the power we have.
Messenger All hail, my lords! which of this princely train
 Call ye the warlike Talbot, for his acts
 So much applauded through the realm of France?
TALBOT Here is the Talbot: who would speak with him?
Messenger The virtuous lady, Countess of Auvergne,
 With modesty admiring thy renown,
 By me entreats, great lord, thou wouldst vouchsafe
 To visit her poor castle where she lies,
 That she may boast she hath beheld the man
 Whose glory fills the world with loud report.
BURGUNDY Is it even so? Nay, then, I see our wars
 Will turn unto a peaceful comic sport,
 When ladies crave to be encounter'd with.
 You may not, my lord, despise her gentle suit.
TALBOT Ne'er trust me then; for when a world of men
 Could not prevail with all their oratory,
 Yet hath a woman's kindness overruled:
 And therefore tell her I return great thanks,
 And in submission will attend on her.
 Will not your honours bear me company?
BEDFORD No, truly; it is more than manners will:
 And I have heard it said, unbidden guests
 Are often welcomest when they are gone.
TALBOT Well then, alone, since there's no remedy,
 I mean to prove this lady's courtesy.
 Come hither, captain.
 You perceive my mind?
Captain I do, my lord, and mean accordingly.
 1 KING HENRY VI
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE Porter, remember what I gave in charge;
 And when you have done so, bring the keys to me.
Porter Madam, I will.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE The plot is laid: if all things fall out right,
 I shall as famous be by this exploit
 As Scythian Tomyris by Cyrus' death.
 Great is the rumor of this dreadful knight,
 And his achievements of no less account:
 Fain would mine eyes be witness with mine ears,
 To give their censure of these rare reports.
Messenger Madam,
 According as your ladyship desired,
 By message craved, so is Lord Talbot come.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE And he is welcome. What! is this the man?
Messenger Madam, it is.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE Is this the scourge of France?
 Is this the Talbot, so much fear'd abroad
 That with his name the mothers still their babes?
 I see report is fabulous and false:
 I thought I should have seen some Hercules,
 A second Hector, for his grim aspect,
 And large proportion of his strongknit limbs.
 Alas, this is a child, a silly dwarf!
 It cannot be this weak and writhled shrimp
 Should strike such terror to his enemies.
TALBOT Madam, I have been bold to trouble you;
 But since your ladyship is not at leisure,
 I'll sort some other time to visit you.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE What means he now? Go ask him whither he goes.
Messenger Stay, my Lord Talbot; for my lady craves
 To know the cause of your abrupt departure.
TALBOT Marry, for that she's in a wrong belief,
 I go to certify her Talbot's here.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE If thou be he, then art thou prisoner.
TALBOT Prisoner! to whom?
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE To me, bloodthirsty lord;
 And for that cause I trained thee to my house.
 Long time thy shadow hath been thrall to me,
 For in my gallery thy picture hangs:
 But now the substance shall endure the like,
 And I will chain these legs and arms of thine,
 That hast by tyranny these many years
 Wasted our country, slain our citizens
 And sent our sons and husbands captivate.
TALBOT Ha, ha, ha!
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE Laughest thou, wretch? thy mirth shall turn to moan.
TALBOT I laugh to see your ladyship so fond
 To think that you have aught but Talbot's shadow
 Whereon to practise your severity.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE Why, art not thou the man?
TALBOT I am indeed.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE Then have I substance too.
TALBOT No, no, I am but shadow of myself:
 You are deceived, my substance is not here;
 For what you see is but the smallest part
 And least proportion of humanity:
 I tell you, madam, were the whole frame here,
 It is of such a spacious lofty pitch,
 Your roof were not sufficient to contain't.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE This is a riddling merchant for the nonce;
 He will be here, and yet he is not here:
 How can these contrarieties agree?
TALBOT That will I show you presently.
 Winds his horn. Drums strike up: a peal of
 How say you, madam? are you now persuaded
 That Talbot is but shadow of himself?
 These are his substance, sinews, arms and strength,
 With which he yoketh your rebellious necks,
 Razeth your cities and subverts your towns
 And in a moment makes them desolate.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE Victorious Talbot! pardon my abuse:
 I find thou art no less than fame hath bruited
 And more than may be gather'd by thy shape.
 Let my presumption not provoke thy wrath;
 For I am sorry that with reverence
 I did not entertain thee as thou art.
TALBOT Be not dismay'd, fair lady; nor misconstrue
 The mind of Talbot, as you did mistake
 The outward composition of his body.
 What you have done hath not offended me;
 Nor other satisfaction do I crave,
 But only, with your patience, that we may
 Taste of your wine and see what cates you have;
 For soldiers' stomachs always serve them well.
COUNTESS
OF AUVERGNE With all my heart, and think me honoured
 To feast so great a warrior in my house.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter the Earls of SOMERSET, SUFFOLK, and WARWICK;
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Great lords and gentlemen, what means this silence?
 Dare no man answer in a case of truth?
SUFFOLK Within the Templehall we were too loud;
 The garden here is more convenient.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Then say at once if I maintain'd the truth;
 Or else was wrangling Somerset in the error?
SUFFOLK Faith, I have been a truant in the law,
 And never yet could frame my will to it;
 And therefore frame the law unto my will.
SOMERSET Judge you, my Lord of Warwick, then, between us.
WARWICK Between two hawks, which flies the higher pitch;
 Between two dogs, which hath the deeper mouth;
 Between two blades, which bears the better temper:
 Between two horses, which doth bear him best;
 Between two girls, which hath the merriest eye;
 I have perhaps some shallow spirit of judgement;
 But in these nice sharp quillets of the law,
 Good faith, I am no wiser than a daw.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Tut, tut, here is a mannerly forbearance:
 The truth appears so naked on my side
 That any purblind eye may find it out.
SOMERSET And on my side it is so well apparell'd,
 So clear, so shining and so evident
 That it will glimmer through a blind man's eye.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Since you are tonguetied and so loath to speak,
 In dumb significants proclaim your thoughts:
 Let him that is a trueborn gentleman
 And stands upon the honour of his birth,
 If he suppose that I have pleaded truth,
 From off this brier pluck a white rose with me.
SOMERSET Let him that is no coward nor no flatterer,
 But dare maintain the party of the truth,
 Pluck a red rose from off this thorn with me.
WARWICK I love no colours, and without all colour
 Of base insinuating flattery
 I pluck this white rose with Plantagenet.
SUFFOLK I pluck this red rose with young Somerset
 And say withal I think he held the right.
VERNON Stay, lords and gentlemen, and pluck no more,
 Till you conclude that he upon whose side
 The fewest roses are cropp'd from the tree
 Shall yield the other in the right opinion.
SOMERSET Good Master Vernon, it is well objected:
 If I have fewest, I subscribe in silence.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET And I.
VERNON Then for the truth and plainness of the case.
 I pluck this pale and maiden blossom here,
 Giving my verdict on the white rose side.
SOMERSET Prick not your finger as you pluck it off,
 Lest bleeding you do paint the white rose red
 And fall on my side so, against your will.
VERNON If I my lord, for my opinion bleed,
 Opinion shall be surgeon to my hurt
 And keep me on the side where still I am.
SOMERSET Well, well, come on: who else?
Lawyer Unless my study and my books be false,
 The argument you held was wrong in you:
 In sign whereof I pluck a white rose too.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Now, Somerset, where is your argument?
SOMERSET Here in my scabbard, meditating that
 Shall dye your white rose in a bloody red.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Meantime your cheeks do counterfeit our roses;
 For pale they look with fear, as witnessing
 The truth on our side.
SOMERSET No, Plantagenet,
 'Tis not for fear but anger that thy cheeks
 Blush for pure shame to counterfeit our roses,
 And yet thy tongue will not confess thy error.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Hath not thy rose a canker, Somerset?
SOMERSET Hath not thy rose a thorn, Plantagenet?
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Ay, sharp and piercing, to maintain his truth;
 Whiles thy consuming canker eats his falsehood.
SOMERSET Well, I'll find friends to wear my bleeding roses,
 That shall maintain what I have said is true,
 Where false Plantagenet dare not be seen.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Now, by this maiden blossom in my hand,
 I scorn thee and thy fashion, peevish boy.
SUFFOLK Turn not thy scorns this way, Plantagenet.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Proud Pole, I will, and scorn both him and thee.
SUFFOLK I'll turn my part thereof into thy throat.
SOMERSET Away, away, good William de la Pole!
 We grace the yeoman by conversing with him.
WARWICK Now, by God's will, thou wrong'st him, Somerset;
 His grandfather was Lionel Duke of Clarence,
 Third son to the third Edward King of England:
 Spring crestless yeomen from so deep a root?
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET He bears him on the place's privilege,
 Or durst not, for his craven heart, say thus.
SOMERSET By him that made me, I'll maintain my words
 On any plot of ground in Christendom.
 Was not thy father, Richard Earl of Cambridge,
 For treason executed in our late king's days?
 And, by his treason, stand'st not thou attainted,
 Corrupted, and exempt from ancient gentry?
 His trespass yet lives guilty in thy blood;
 And, till thou be restored, thou art a yeoman.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET My father was attached, not attainted,
 Condemn'd to die for treason, but no traitor;
 And that I'll prove on better men than Somerset,
 Were growing time once ripen'd to my will.
 For your partaker Pole and you yourself,
 I'll note you in my book of memory,
 To scourge you for this apprehension:
 Look to it well and say you are well warn'd.
SOMERSET Ah, thou shalt find us ready for thee still;
 And know us by these colours for thy foes,
 For these my friends in spite of thee shall wear.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET And, by my soul, this pale and angry rose,
 As cognizance of my blooddrinking hate,
 Will I for ever and my faction wear,
 Until it wither with me to my grave
 Or flourish to the height of my degree.
SUFFOLK Go forward and be choked with thy ambition!
 And so farewell until I meet thee next.
SOMERSET Have with thee, Pole. Farewell, ambitious Richard.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET How I am braved and must perforce endure it!
WARWICK This blot that they object against your house
 Shall be wiped out in the next parliament
 Call'd for the truce of Winchester and Gloucester;
 And if thou be not then created York,
 I will not live to be accounted Warwick.
 Meantime, in signal of my love to thee,
 Against proud Somerset and William Pole,
 Will I upon thy party wear this rose:
 And here I prophesy: this brawl today,
 Grown to this faction in the Templegarden,
 Shall send between the red rose and the white
 A thousand souls to death and deadly night.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Good Master Vernon, I am bound to you,
 That you on my behalf would pluck a flower.
VERNON In your behalf still will I wear the same.
Lawyer And so will I.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Thanks, gentle sir.
 Come, let us four to dinner: I dare say
 This quarrel will drink blood another day.
 1 KING HENRY VI
MORTIMER Kind keepers of my weak decaying age,
 Let dying Mortimer here rest himself.
 Even like a man new haled from the rack,
 So fare my limbs with long imprisonment.
 And these grey locks, the pursuivants of death,
 Nestorlike aged in an age of care,
 Argue the end of Edmund Mortimer.
 These eyes, like lamps whose wasting oil is spent,
 Wax dim, as drawing to their exigent;
 Weak shoulders, overborne with burthening grief,
 And pithless arms, like to a wither'd vine
 That droops his sapless branches to the ground;
 Yet are these feet, whose strengthless stay is numb,
 Unable to support this lump of clay,
 Swiftwinged with desire to get a grave,
 As witting I no other comfort have.
 But tell me, keeper, will my nephew come?
First Gaoler Richard Plantagenet, my lord, will come:
 We sent unto the Temple, unto his chamber;
 And answer was return'd that he will come.
MORTIMER Enough: my soul shall then be satisfied.
 Poor gentleman! his wrong doth equal mine.
 Since Henry Monmouth first began to reign,
 Before whose glory I was great in arms,
 This loathsome sequestration have I had:
 And even since then hath Richard been obscured,
 Deprived of honour and inheritance.
 But now the arbitrator of despairs,
 Just death, kind umpire of men's miseries,
 With sweet enlargement doth dismiss me hence:
 I would his troubles likewise were expired,
 That so he might recover what was lost.
First Gaoler My lord, your loving nephew now is come.
MORTIMER Richard Plantagenet, my friend, is he come?
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Ay, noble uncle, thus ignobly used,
 Your nephew, late despised Richard, comes.
MORTIMER Direct mine arms I may embrace his neck,
 And in his bosom spend my latter gasp:
 O, tell me when my lips do touch his cheeks,
 That I may kindly give one fainting kiss.
 And now declare, sweet stem from York's great stock,
 Why didst thou say, of late thou wert despised?
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET First, lean thine aged back against mine arm;
 And, in that ease, I'll tell thee my disease.
 This day, in argument upon a case,
 Some words there grew 'twixt Somerset and me;
 Among which terms he used his lavish tongue
 And did upbraid me with my father's death:
 Which obloquy set bars before my tongue,
 Else with the like I had requited him.
 Therefore, good uncle, for my father's sake,
 In honour of a true Plantagenet
 And for alliance sake, declare the cause
 My father, Earl of Cambridge, lost his head.
MORTIMER That cause, fair nephew, that imprison'd me
 And hath detain'd me all my flowering youth
 Within a loathsome dungeon, there to pine,
 Was cursed instrument of his decease.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Discover more at large what cause that was,
 For I am ignorant and cannot guess.
MORTIMER I will, if that my fading breath permit
 And death approach not ere my tale be done.
 Henry the Fourth, grandfather to this king,
 Deposed his nephew Richard, Edward's son,
 The firstbegotten and the lawful heir,
 Of Edward king, the third of that descent:
 During whose reign the Percies of the north,
 Finding his usurpation most unjust,
 Endeavor'd my advancement to the throne:
 The reason moved these warlike lords to this
 Was, for thatyoung King Richard thus removed,
 Leaving no heir begotten of his body
 I was the next by birth and parentage;
 For by my mother I derived am
 From Lionel Duke of Clarence, the third son
 To King Edward the Third; whereas he
 From John of Gaunt doth bring his pedigree,
 Being but fourth of that heroic line.
 But mark: as in this haughty attempt
 They laboured to plant the rightful heir,
 I lost my liberty and they their lives.
 Long after this, when Henry the Fifth,
 Succeeding his father Bolingbroke, did reign,
 Thy father, Earl of Cambridge, then derived
 From famous Edmund Langley, Duke of York,
 Marrying my sister that thy mother was,
 Again in pity of my hard distress
 Levied an army, weening to redeem
 And have install'd me in the diadem:
 But, as the rest, so fell that noble earl
 And was beheaded. Thus the Mortimers,
 In whom the tide rested, were suppress'd.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Of which, my lord, your honour is the last.
MORTIMER True; and thou seest that I no issue have
 And that my fainting words do warrant death;
 Thou art my heir; the rest I wish thee gather:
 But yet be wary in thy studious care.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Thy grave admonishments prevail with me:
 But yet, methinks, my father's execution
 Was nothing less than bloody tyranny.
MORTIMER With silence, nephew, be thou politic:
 Strongfixed is the house of Lancaster,
 And like a mountain, not to be removed.
 But now thy uncle is removing hence:
 As princes do their courts, when they are cloy'd
 With long continuance in a settled place.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET O, uncle, would some part of my young years
 Might but redeem the passage of your age!
MORTIMER Thou dost then wrong me, as that slaughterer doth
 Which giveth many wounds when one will kill.
 Mourn not, except thou sorrow for my good;
 Only give order for my funeral:
 And so farewell, and fair be all thy hopes
 And prosperous be thy life in peace and war!
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET And peace, no war, befall thy parting soul!
 In prison hast thou spent a pilgrimage
 And like a hermit overpass'd thy days.
 Well, I will lock his counsel in my breast;
 And what I do imagine let that rest.
 Keepers, convey him hence, and I myself
 Will see his burial better than his life.
 Here dies the dusky torch of Mortimer,
 Choked with ambition of the meaner sort:
 And for those wrongs, those bitter injuries,
 Which Somerset hath offer'd to my house:
 I doubt not but with honour to redress;
 And therefore haste I to the parliament,
 Either to be restored to my blood,
 Or make my ill the advantage of my good.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Flourish. Enter KING HENRY VI, EXETER, GLOUCESTER,
 WARWICK, SOMERSET, and SUFFOLK; the BISHOP OF
 WINCHESTER, RICHARD PLANTAGENET, and others.
 GLOUCESTER offers to put up a bill; BISHOP OF
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Comest thou with deep premeditated lines,
 With written pamphlets studiously devised,
 Humphrey of Gloucester? If thou canst accuse,
 Or aught intend'st to lay unto my charge,
 Do it without invention, suddenly;
 As I with sudden and extemporal speech
 Purpose to answer what thou canst object.
GLOUCESTER Presumptuous priest! this place commands my patience,
 Or thou shouldst find thou hast dishonour'd me.
 Think not, although in writing I preferr'd
 The manner of thy vile outrageous crimes,
 That therefore I have forged, or am not able
 Verbatim to rehearse the method of my pen:
 No, prelate; such is thy audacious wickedness,
 Thy lewd, pestiferous and dissentious pranks,
 As very infants prattle of thy pride.
 Thou art a most pernicious usurer,
 Forward by nature, enemy to peace;
 Lascivious, wanton, more than well beseems
 A man of thy profession and degree;
 And for thy treachery, what's more manifest?
 In that thou laid'st a trap to take my life,
 As well at London bridge as at the Tower.
 Beside, I fear me, if thy thoughts were sifted,
 The king, thy sovereign, is not quite exempt
 From envious malice of thy swelling heart.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Gloucester, I do defy thee. Lords, vouchsafe
 To give me hearing what I shall reply.
 If I were covetous, ambitious or perverse,
 As he will have me, how am I so poor?
 Or how haps it I seek not to advance
 Or raise myself, but keep my wonted calling?
 And for dissension, who preferreth peace
 More than I do?except I be provoked.
 No, my good lords, it is not that offends;
 It is not that that hath incensed the duke:
 It is, because no one should sway but he;
 No one but he should be about the king;
 And that engenders thunder in his breast
 And makes him roar these accusations forth.
 But he shall know I am as good
GLOUCESTER As good!
 Thou bastard of my grandfather!
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Ay, lordly sir; for what are you, I pray,
 But one imperious in another's throne?
GLOUCESTER Am I not protector, saucy priest?
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER And am not I a prelate of the church?
GLOUCESTER Yes, as an outlaw in a castle keeps
 And useth it to patronage his theft.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Unreverent Gloster!
GLOUCESTER Thou art reverent
 Touching thy spiritual function, not thy life.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Rome shall remedy this.
WARWICK Roam thither, then.
SOMERSET My lord, it were your duty to forbear.
WARWICK Ay, see the bishop be not overborne.
SOMERSET Methinks my lord should be religious
 And know the office that belongs to such.
WARWICK Methinks his lordship should be humbler;
 it fitteth not a prelate so to plead.
SOMERSET Yes, when his holy state is touch'd so near.
WARWICK State holy or unhallow'd, what of that?
 Is not his grace protector to the king?
RICHARD
 Plantagenet, I see, must hold his tongue,
 Lest it be said 'Speak, sirrah, when you should;
 Must your bold verdict enter talk with lords?'
 Else would I have a fling at Winchester.
KING HENRY VI Uncles of Gloucester and of Winchester,
 The special watchmen of our English weal,
 I would prevail, if prayers might prevail,
 To join your hearts in love and amity.
 O, what a scandal is it to our crown,
 That two such noble peers as ye should jar!
 Believe me, lords, my tender years can tell
 Civil dissension is a viperous worm
 That gnaws the bowels of the commonwealth.
 What tumult's this?
WARWICK An uproar, I dare warrant,
 Begun through malice of the bishop's men.
Mayor O, my good lords, and virtuous Henry,
 Pity the city of London, pity us!
 The bishop and the Duke of Gloucester's men,
 Forbidden late to carry any weapon,
 Have fill'd their pockets full of pebble stones
 And banding themselves in contrary parts
 Do pelt so fast at one another's pate
 That many have their giddy brains knock'd out:
 Our windows are broke down in every street
 And we for fear compell'd to shut our shops.
KING HENRY VI We charge you, on allegiance to ourself,
 To hold your slaughtering hands and keep the peace.
 Pray, uncle Gloucester, mitigate this strife.
First Servingman Nay, if we be forbidden stones,
 We'll fall to it with our teeth.
Second Servingman Do what ye dare, we are as resolute.
GLOUCESTER You of my household, leave this peevish broil
 And set this unaccustom'd fight aside.
Third Servingman My lord, we know your grace to be a man
 Just and upright; and, for your royal birth,
 Inferior to none but to his majesty:
 And ere that we will suffer such a prince,
 So kind a father of the commonweal,
 To be disgraced by an inkhorn mate,
 We and our wives and children all will fight
 And have our bodies slaughtered by thy foes.
First Servingman Ay, and the very parings of our nails
 Shall pitch a field when we are dead.
GLOUCESTER Stay, stay, I say!
 And if you love me, as you say you do,
 Let me persuade you to forbear awhile.
KING HENRY VI O, how this discord doth afflict my soul!
 Can you, my Lord of Winchester, behold
 My sighs and tears and will not once relent?
 Who should be pitiful, if you be not?
 Or who should study to prefer a peace.
 If holy churchmen take delight in broils?
WARWICK Yield, my lord protector; yield, Winchester;
 Except you mean with obstinate repulse
 To slay your sovereign and destroy the realm.
 You see what mischief and what murder too
 Hath been enacted through your enmity;
 Then be at peace except ye thirst for blood.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER He shall submit, or I will never yield.
GLOUCESTER Compassion on the king commands me stoop;
 Or I would see his heart out, ere the priest
 Should ever get that privilege of me.
WARWICK Behold, my Lord of Winchester, the duke
 Hath banish'd moody discontented fury,
 As by his smoothed brows it doth appear:
 Why look you still so stern and tragical?
GLOUCESTER Here, Winchester, I offer thee my hand.
KING HENRY VI Fie, uncle Beaufort! I have heard you preach
 That malice was a great and grievous sin;
 And will not you maintain the thing you teach,
 But prove a chief offender in the same?
WARWICK Sweet king! the bishop hath a kindly gird.
 For shame, my lord of Winchester, relent!
 What, shall a child instruct you what to do?
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER Well, Duke of Gloucester, I will yield to thee;
 Love for thy love and hand for hand I give.
 Ay, but, I fear me, with a hollow heart.
 See here, my friends and loving countrymen,
 This token serveth for a flag of truce
 Betwixt ourselves and all our followers:
 So help me God, as I dissemble not!
BISHOP
 So help me God, as I intend it not!
KING HENRY VI O, loving uncle, kind Duke of Gloucester,
 How joyful am I made by this contract!
 Away, my masters! trouble us no more;
 But join in friendship, as your lords have done.
First Servingman Content: I'll to the surgeon's.
Second Servingman And so will I.
Third Servingman And I will see what physic the tavern affords.
WARWICK Accept this scroll, most gracious sovereign,
 Which in the right of Richard Plantagenet
 We do exhibit to your majesty.
GLOUCESTER Well urged, my Lord of Warwick: or sweet prince,
 And if your grace mark every circumstance,
 You have great reason to do Richard right;
 Especially for those occasions
 At Eltham Place I told your majesty.
KING HENRY VI And those occasions, uncle, were of force:
 Therefore, my loving lords, our pleasure is
 That Richard be restored to his blood.
WARWICK Let Richard be restored to his blood;
 So shall his father's wrongs be recompensed.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER As will the rest, so willeth Winchester.
KING HENRY VI If Richard will be true, not that alone
 But all the whole inheritance I give
 That doth belong unto the house of York,
 From whence you spring by lineal descent.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Thy humble servant vows obedience
 And humble service till the point of death.
KING HENRY VI Stoop then and set your knee against my foot;
 And, in reguerdon of that duty done,
 I gird thee with the valiant sword of York:
 Rise Richard, like a true Plantagenet,
 And rise created princely Duke of York.
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET And so thrive Richard as thy foes may fall!
 And as my duty springs, so perish they
 That grudge one thought against your majesty!
ALL Welcome, high prince, the mighty Duke of York!
 Perish, base prince, ignoble Duke of York!
GLOUCESTER Now will it best avail your majesty
 To cross the seas and to be crown'd in France:
 The presence of a king engenders love
 Amongst his subjects and his loyal friends,
 As it disanimates his enemies.
KING HENRY VI When Gloucester says the word, King Henry goes;
 For friendly counsel cuts off many foes.
GLOUCESTER Your ships already are in readiness.
EXETER Ay, we may march in England or in France,
 Not seeing what is likely to ensue.
 This late dissension grown betwixt the peers
 Burns under feigned ashes of forged love
 And will at last break out into a flame:
 As fester'd members rot but by degree,
 Till bones and flesh and sinews fall away,
 So will this base and envious discord breed.
 And now I fear that fatal prophecy
 Which in the time of Henry named the Fifth
 Was in the mouth of every sucking babe;
 That Henry born at Monmouth should win all
 And Henry born at Windsor lose all:
 Which is so plain that Exeter doth wish
 His days may finish ere that hapless time.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter JOAN LA PUCELLE disguised, with four Soldiers
JOAN LA PUCELLE These are the city gates, the gates of Rouen,
 Through which our policy must make a breach:
 Take heed, be wary how you place your words;
 Talk like the vulgar sort of market men
 That come to gather money for their corn.
 If we have entrance, as I hope we shall,
 And that we find the slothful watch but weak,
 I'll by a sign give notice to our friends,
 That Charles the Dauphin may encounter them.
First Soldier Our sacks shall be a mean to sack the city,
 And we be lords and rulers over Rouen;
 Therefore we'll knock.
 Qui est la?
JOAN LA PUCELLE Paysans, pauvres gens de France;
 Poor market folks that come to sell their corn.
Watch Enter, go in; the market bell is rung.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Now, Rouen, I'll shake thy bulwarks to the ground.
 Enter CHARLES, the BASTARD OF ORLEANS, ALENCON,
CHARLES Saint Denis bless this happy stratagem!
 And once again we'll sleep secure in Rouen.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS Here enter'd Pucelle and her practisants;
 Now she is there, how will she specify
 Where is the best and safest passage in?
REIGNIER By thrusting out a torch from yonder tower;
 Which, once discern'd, shows that her meaning is,
 No way to that, for weakness, which she enter'd.
 Enter JOAN LA PUCELLE on the top, thrusting out a
JOAN LA PUCELLE Behold, this is the happy wedding torch
 That joineth Rouen unto her countrymen,
 But burning fatal to the Talbotites!
BASTARD OF ORLEANS See, noble Charles, the beacon of our friend;
 The burning torch in yonder turret stands.
CHARLES Now shine it like a comet of revenge,
 A prophet to the fall of all our foes!
REIGNIER Defer no time, delays have dangerous ends;
 Enter, and cry 'The Dauphin!' presently,
 And then do execution on the watch.
TALBOT France, thou shalt rue this treason with thy tears,
 If Talbot but survive thy treachery.
 Pucelle, that witch, that damned sorceress,
 Hath wrought this hellish mischief unawares,
 That hardly we escaped the pride of France.
 An alarum: excursions. BEDFORD, brought in sick
 in a chair. Enter TALBOT and BURGUNDY without:
 within JOAN LA PUCELLE, CHARLES, BASTARD OF ORLEANS,
JOAN LA PUCELLE Good morrow, gallants! want ye corn for bread?
 I think the Duke of Burgundy will fast
 Before he'll buy again at such a rate:
 'Twas full of darnel; do you like the taste?
BURGUNDY Scoff on, vile fiend and shameless courtezan!
 I trust ere long to choke thee with thine own
 And make thee curse the harvest of that corn.
CHARLES Your grace may starve perhaps before that time.
BEDFORD O, let no words, but deeds, revenge this treason!
JOAN LA PUCELLE What will you do, good greybeard? break a lance,
 And run a tilt at death within a chair?
TALBOT Foul fiend of France, and hag of all despite,
 Encompass'd with thy lustful paramours!
 Becomes it thee to taunt his valiant age
 And twit with cowardice a man half dead?
 Damsel, I'll have a bout with you again,
 Or else let Talbot perish with this shame.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Are ye so hot, sir? yet, Pucelle, hold thy peace;
 If Talbot do but thunder, rain will follow.
 God speed the parliament! who shall be the speaker?
TALBOT Dare ye come forth and meet us in the field?
JOAN LA PUCELLE Belike your lordship takes us then for fools,
 To try if that our own be ours or no.
TALBOT I speak not to that railing Hecate,
 But unto thee, Alencon, and the rest;
 Will ye, like soldiers, come and fight it out?
ALENCON Signior, no.
TALBOT Signior, hang! base muleters of France!
 Like peasant footboys do they keep the walls
 And dare not take up arms like gentlemen.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Away, captains! let's get us from the walls;
 For Talbot means no goodness by his looks.
 God be wi' you, my lord! we came but to tell you
 That we are here.
TALBOT And there will we be too, ere it be long,
 Or else reproach be Talbot's greatest fame!
 Vow, Burgundy, by honour of thy house,
 Prick'd on by public wrongs sustain'd in France,
 Either to get the town again or die:
 And I, as sure as English Henry lives
 And as his father here was conqueror,
 As sure as in this latebetrayed town
 Great Coeurdelion's heart was buried,
 So sure I swear to get the town or die.
BURGUNDY My vows are equal partners with thy vows.
TALBOT But, ere we go, regard this dying prince,
 The valiant Duke of Bedford. Come, my lord,
 We will bestow you in some better place,
 Fitter for sickness and for crazy age.
BEDFORD Lord Talbot, do not so dishonour me:
 Here will I sit before the walls of Rouen
 And will be partner of your weal or woe.
BURGUNDY Courageous Bedford, let us now persuade you.
BEDFORD Not to be gone from hence; for once I read
 That stout Pendragon in his litter sick
 Came to the field and vanquished his foes:
 Methinks I should revive the soldiers' hearts,
 Because I ever found them as myself.
TALBOT Undaunted spirit in a dying breast!
 Then be it so: heavens keep old Bedford safe!
 And now no more ado, brave Burgundy,
 But gather we our forces out of hand
 And set upon our boasting enemy.
 An alarum: excursions. Enter FASTOLFE and
Captain Whither away, Sir John Fastolfe, in such haste?
FASTOLFE Whither away! to save myself by flight:
 We are like to have the overthrow again.
Captain What! will you fly, and leave Lord Talbot?
FASTOLFE Ay,
 All the Talbots in the world, to save my life!
Captain Cowardly knight! ill fortune follow thee!
 Retreat: excursions. JOAN LA PUCELLE, ALENCON,
BEDFORD Now, quiet soul, depart when heaven please,
 For I have seen our enemies' overthrow.
 What is the trust or strength of foolish man?
 They that of late were daring with their scoffs
 Are glad and fain by flight to save themselves.
TALBOT Lost, and recover'd in a day again!
 This is a double honour, Burgundy:
 Yet heavens have glory for this victory!
BURGUNDY Warlike and martial Talbot, Burgundy
 Enshrines thee in his heart and there erects
 Thy noble deeds as valour's monuments.
TALBOT Thanks, gentle duke. But where is Pucelle now?
 I think her old familiar is asleep:
 Now where's the Bastard's braves, and Charles his gleeks?
 What, all amort? Rouen hangs her head for grief
 That such a valiant company are fled.
 Now will we take some order in the town,
 Placing therein some expert officers,
 And then depart to Paris to the king,
 For there young Henry with his nobles lie.
BURGUNDY What wills Lord Talbot pleaseth Burgundy.
TALBOT But yet, before we go, let's not forget
 The noble Duke of Bedford late deceased,
 But see his exequies fulfill'd in Rouen:
 A braver soldier never couched lance,
 A gentler heart did never sway in court;
 But kings and mightiest potentates must die,
 For that's the end of human misery.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter CHARLES, the BASTARD OF ORLEANS, ALENCON, JOAN
JOAN LA PUCELLE Dismay not, princes, at this accident,
 Nor grieve that Rouen is so recovered:
 Care is no cure, but rather corrosive,
 For things that are not to be remedied.
 Let frantic Talbot triumph for a while
 And like a peacock sweep along his tail;
 We'll pull his plumes and take away his train,
 If Dauphin and the rest will be but ruled.
CHARLES We have been guided by thee hitherto,
 And of thy cunning had no diffidence:
 One sudden foil shall never breed distrust.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS Search out thy wit for secret policies,
 And we will make thee famous through the world.
ALENCON We'll set thy statue in some holy place,
 And have thee reverenced like a blessed saint:
 Employ thee then, sweet virgin, for our good.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Then thus it must be; this doth Joan devise:
 By fair persuasions mix'd with sugar'd words
 We will entice the Duke of Burgundy
 To leave the Talbot and to follow us.
CHARLES Ay, marry, sweeting, if we could do that,
 France were no place for Henry's warriors;
 Nor should that nation boast it so with us,
 But be extirped from our provinces.
ALENCON For ever should they be expulsed from France
 And not have title of an earldom here.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Your honours shall perceive how I will work
 To bring this matter to the wished end.
 Hark! by the sound of drum you may perceive
 Their powers are marching unto Parisward.
 Here sound an English march. Enter, and pass over
 There goes the Talbot, with his colours spread,
 And all the troops of English after him.
 Now in the rearward comes the duke and his:
 Fortune in favour makes him lag behind.
 Summon a parley; we will talk with him.
CHARLES A parley with the Duke of Burgundy!
BURGUNDY Who craves a parley with the Burgundy?
JOAN LA PUCELLE The princely Charles of France, thy countryman.
BURGUNDY What say'st thou, Charles? for I am marching hence.
CHARLES Speak, Pucelle, and enchant him with thy words.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Brave Burgundy, undoubted hope of France!
 Stay, let thy humble handmaid speak to thee.
BURGUNDY Speak on; but be not overtedious.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Look on thy country, look on fertile France,
 And see the cities and the towns defaced
 By wasting ruin of the cruel foe.
 As looks the mother on her lowly babe
 When death doth close his tender dying eyes,
 See, see the pining malady of France;
 Behold the wounds, the most unnatural wounds,
 Which thou thyself hast given her woful breast.
 O, turn thy edged sword another way;
 Strike those that hurt, and hurt not those that help.
 One drop of blood drawn from thy country's bosom
 Should grieve thee more than streams of foreign gore:
 Return thee therefore with a flood of tears,
 And wash away thy country's stained spots.
BURGUNDY Either she hath bewitch'd me with her words,
 Or nature makes me suddenly relent.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Besides, all French and France exclaims on thee,
 Doubting thy birth and lawful progeny.
 Who joint'st thou with but with a lordly nation
 That will not trust thee but for profit's sake?
 When Talbot hath set footing once in France
 And fashion'd thee that instrument of ill,
 Who then but English Henry will be lord
 And thou be thrust out like a fugitive?
 Call we to mind, and mark but this for proof,
 Was not the Duke of Orleans thy foe?
 And was he not in England prisoner?
 But when they heard he was thine enemy,
 They set him free without his ransom paid,
 In spite of Burgundy and all his friends.
 See, then, thou fight'st against thy countrymen
 And joint'st with them will be thy slaughtermen.
 Come, come, return; return, thou wandering lord:
 Charles and the rest will take thee in their arms.
BURGUNDY I am vanquished; these haughty words of hers
 Have batter'd me like roaring cannonshot,
 And made me almost yield upon my knees.
 Forgive me, country, and sweet countrymen,
 And, lords, accept this hearty kind embrace:
 My forces and my power of men are yours:
 So farewell, Talbot; I'll no longer trust thee.
 Done like a Frenchman: turn, and turn again!
CHARLES Welcome, brave duke! thy friendship makes us fresh.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS And doth beget new courage in our breasts.
ALENCON Pucelle hath bravely play'd her part in this,
 And doth deserve a coronet of gold.
CHARLES Now let us on, my lords, and join our powers,
 And seek how we may prejudice the foe.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter KING HENRY VI, GLOUCESTER, BISHOP OF
 WINCHESTER, YORK, SUFFOLK, SOMERSET, WARWICK,
 EXETER, VERNON BASSET, and others. To them
TALBOT My gracious prince, and honourable peers,
 Hearing of your arrival in this realm,
 I have awhile given truce unto my wars,
 To do my duty to my sovereign:
 In sign, whereof, this arm, that hath reclaim'd
 To your obedience fifty fortresses,
 Twelve cities and seven walled towns of strength,
 Beside five hundred prisoners of esteem,
 Lets fall his sword before your highness' feet,
 And with submissive loyalty of heart
 Ascribes the glory of his conquest got
 First to my God and next unto your grace.
KING HENRY VI Is this the Lord Talbot, uncle Gloucester,
 That hath so long been resident in France?
GLOUCESTER Yes, if it please your majesty, my liege.
KING HENRY VI Welcome, brave captain and victorious lord!
 When I was young, as yet I am not old,
 I do remember how my father said
 A stouter champion never handled sword.
 Long since we were resolved of your truth,
 Your faithful service and your toil in war;
 Yet never have you tasted our reward,
 Or been reguerdon'd with so much as thanks,
 Because till now we never saw your face:
 Therefore, stand up; and, for these good deserts,
 We here create you Earl of Shrewsbury;
 And in our coronation take your place.
VERNON Now, sir, to you, that were so hot at sea,
 Disgracing of these colours that I wear
 In honour of my noble Lord of York:
 Darest thou maintain the former words thou spakest?
BASSET Yes, sir; as well as you dare patronage
 The envious barking of your saucy tongue
 Against my lord the Duke of Somerset.
VERNON Sirrah, thy lord I honour as he is.
BASSET Why, what is he? as good a man as York.
VERNON Hark ye; not so: in witness, take ye that.
BASSET Villain, thou know'st the law of arms is such
 That whoso draws a sword, 'tis present death,
 Or else this blow should broach thy dearest blood.
 But I'll unto his majesty, and crave
 I may have liberty to venge this wrong;
 When thou shalt see I'll meet thee to thy cost.
VERNON Well, miscreant, I'll be there as soon as you;
 And, after, meet you sooner than you would.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter KING HENRY VI, GLOUCESTER, BISHOP OF
 WINCHESTER, YORK, SUFFOLK, SOMERSET, WARWICK,
GLOUCESTER Lord bishop, set the crown upon his head.
BISHOP
OF WINCHESTER God save King Henry, of that name the sixth!
GLOUCESTER Now, governor of Paris, take your oath,
 That you elect no other king but him;
 Esteem none friends but such as are his friends,
 And none your foes but such as shall pretend
 Malicious practises against his state:
 This shall ye do, so help you righteous God!
FASTOLFE My gracious sovereign, as I rode from Calais,
 To haste unto your coronation,
 A letter was deliver'd to my hands,
 Writ to your grace from the Duke of Burgundy.
TALBOT Shame to the Duke of Burgundy and thee!
 I vow'd, base knight, when I did meet thee next,
 To tear the garter from thy craven's leg,
 Which I have done, because unworthily
 Thou wast installed in that high degree.
 Pardon me, princely Henry, and the rest
 This dastard, at the battle of Patay,
 When but in all I was six thousand strong
 And that the French were almost ten to one,
 Before we met or that a stroke was given,
 Like to a trusty squire did run away:
 In which assault we lost twelve hundred men;
 Myself and divers gentlemen beside
 Were there surprised and taken prisoners.
 Then judge, great lords, if I have done amiss;
 Or whether that such cowards ought to wear
 This ornament of knighthood, yea or no.
GLOUCESTER To say the truth, this fact was infamous
 And ill beseeming any common man,
 Much more a knight, a captain and a leader.
TALBOT When first this order was ordain'd, my lords,
 Knights of the garter were of noble birth,
 Valiant and virtuous, full of haughty courage,
 Such as were grown to credit by the wars;
 Not fearing death, nor shrinking for distress,
 But always resolute in most extremes.
 He then that is not furnish'd in this sort
 Doth but usurp the sacred name of knight,
 Profaning this most honourable order,
 And should, if I were worthy to be judge,
 Be quite degraded, like a hedgeborn swain
 That doth presume to boast of gentle blood.
KING HENRY VI Stain to thy countrymen, thou hear'st thy doom!
 Be packing, therefore, thou that wast a knight:
 Henceforth we banish thee, on pain of death.
 And now, my lord protector, view the letter
 Sent from our uncle Duke of Burgundy.
GLOUCESTER What means his grace, that he hath changed his style?
 No more but, plain and bluntly, 'To the king!'
 Hath he forgot he is his sovereign?
 Or doth this churlish superscription
 Pretend some alteration in good will?
 What's here?
 'I have, upon especial cause,
 Moved with compassion of my country's wreck,
 Together with the pitiful complaints
 Of such as your oppression feeds upon,
 Forsaken your pernicious faction
 And join'd with Charles, the rightful King of France.'
 O monstrous treachery! can this be so,
 That in alliance, amity and oaths,
 There should be found such false dissembling guile?
KING HENRY VI What! doth my uncle Burgundy revolt?
GLOUCESTER He doth, my lord, and is become your foe.
KING HENRY VI Is that the worst this letter doth contain?
GLOUCESTER It is the worst, and all, my lord, he writes.
KING HENRY VI Why, then, Lord Talbot there shall talk with him
 And give him chastisement for this abuse.
 How say you, my lord? are you not content?
TALBOT Content, my liege! yes, but that I am prevented,
 I should have begg'd I might have been employ'd.
KING HENRY VI Then gather strength and march unto him straight:
 Let him perceive how ill we brook his treason
 And what offence it is to flout his friends.
TALBOT I go, my lord, in heart desiring still
 You may behold confusion of your foes.
VERNON Grant me the combat, gracious sovereign.
BASSET And me, my lord, grant me the combat too.
YORK This is my servant: hear him, noble prince.
SOMERSET And this is mine: sweet Henry, favour him.
KING HENRY VI Be patient, lords; and give them leave to speak.
 Say, gentlemen, what makes you thus exclaim?
 And wherefore crave you combat? or with whom?
VERNON With him, my lord; for he hath done me wrong.
BASSET And I with him; for he hath done me wrong.
KING HENRY VI What is that wrong whereof you both complain?
 First let me know, and then I'll answer you.
BASSET Crossing the sea from England into France,
 This fellow here, with envious carping tongue,
 Upbraided me about the rose I wear;
 Saying, the sanguine colour of the leaves
 Did represent my master's blushing cheeks,
 When stubbornly he did repugn the truth
 About a certain question in the law
 Argued betwixt the Duke of York and him;
 With other vile and ignominious terms:
 In confutation of which rude reproach
 And in defence of my lord's worthiness,
 I crave the benefit of law of arms.
VERNON And that is my petition, noble lord:
 For though he seem with forged quaint conceit
 To set a gloss upon his bold intent,
 Yet know, my lord, I was provoked by him;
 And he first took exceptions at this badge,
 Pronouncing that the paleness of this flower
 Bewray'd the faintness of my master's heart.
YORK Will not this malice, Somerset, be left?
SOMERSET Your private grudge, my Lord of York, will out,
 Though ne'er so cunningly you smother it.
KING HENRY VI Good Lord, what madness rules in brainsick men,
 When for so slight and frivolous a cause
 Such factious emulations shall arise!
 Good cousins both, of York and Somerset,
 Quiet yourselves, I pray, and be at peace.
YORK Let this dissension first be tried by fight,
 And then your highness shall command a peace.
SOMERSET The quarrel toucheth none but us alone;
 Betwixt ourselves let us decide it then.
YORK There is my pledge; accept it, Somerset.
VERNON Nay, let it rest where it began at first.
BASSET Confirm it so, mine honourable lord.
GLOUCESTER Confirm it so! Confounded be your strife!
 And perish ye, with your audacious prate!
 Presumptuous vassals, are you not ashamed
 With this immodest clamorous outrage
 To trouble and disturb the king and us?
 And you, my lords, methinks you do not well
 To bear with their perverse objections;
 Much less to take occasion from their mouths
 To raise a mutiny betwixt yourselves:
 Let me persuade you take a better course.
EXETER It grieves his highness: good my lords, be friends.
KING HENRY VI Come hither, you that would be combatants:
 Henceforth I charge you, as you love our favour,
 Quite to forget this quarrel and the cause.
 And you, my lords, remember where we are,
 In France, amongst a fickle wavering nation:
 If they perceive dissension in our looks
 And that within ourselves we disagree,
 How will their grudging stomachs be provoked
 To wilful disobedience, and rebel!
 Beside, what infamy will there arise,
 When foreign princes shall be certified
 That for a toy, a thing of no regard,
 King Henry's peers and chief nobility
 Destroy'd themselves, and lost the realm of France!
 O, think upon the conquest of my father,
 My tender years, and let us not forego
 That for a trifle that was bought with blood
 Let me be umpire in this doubtful strife.
 I see no reason, if I wear this rose,
 That any one should therefore be suspicious
 I more incline to Somerset than York:
 Both are my kinsmen, and I love them both:
 As well they may upbraid me with my crown,
 Because, forsooth, the king of Scots is crown'd.
 But your discretions better can persuade
 Than I am able to instruct or teach:
 And therefore, as we hither came in peace,
 So let us still continue peace and love.
 Cousin of York, we institute your grace
 To be our regent in these parts of France:
 And, good my Lord of Somerset, unite
 Your troops of horsemen with his bands of foot;
 And, like true subjects, sons of your progenitors,
 Go cheerfully together and digest.
 Your angry choler on your enemies.
 Ourself, my lord protector and the rest
 After some respite will return to Calais;
 From thence to England; where I hope ere long
 To be presented, by your victories,
 With Charles, Alencon and that traitorous rout.
 Flourish. Exeunt all but YORK, WARWICK, EXETER
WARWICK My Lord of York, I promise you, the king
 Prettily, methought, did play the orator.
YORK And so he did; but yet I like it not,
 In that he wears the badge of Somerset.
WARWICK Tush, that was but his fancy, blame him not;
 I dare presume, sweet prince, he thought no harm.
YORK An if I wist he did,but let it rest;
 Other affairs must now be managed.
EXETER Well didst thou, Richard, to suppress thy voice;
 For, had the passions of thy heart burst out,
 I fear we should have seen decipher'd there
 More rancorous spite, more furious raging broils,
 Than yet can be imagined or supposed.
 But howsoe'er, no simple man that sees
 This jarring discord of nobility,
 This shouldering of each other in the court,
 This factious bandying of their favourites,
 But that it doth presage some ill event.
 'Tis much when sceptres are in children's hands;
 But more when envy breeds unkind division;
 There comes the rain, there begins confusion.
 1 KING HENRY VI
TALBOT Go to the gates of Bourdeaux, trumpeter:
 Summon their general unto the wall.
 English John Talbot, captains, calls you forth,
 Servant in arms to Harry King of England;
 And thus he would: Open your city gates;
 Be humble to us; call my sovereign yours,
 And do him homage as obedient subjects;
 And I'll withdraw me and my bloody power:
 But, if you frown upon this proffer'd peace,
 You tempt the fury of my three attendants,
 Lean famine, quartering steel, and climbing fire;
 Who in a moment even with the earth
 Shall lay your stately and airbraving towers,
 If you forsake the offer of their love.
General Thou ominous and fearful owl of death,
 Our nation's terror and their bloody scourge!
 The period of thy tyranny approacheth.
 On us thou canst not enter but by death;
 For, I protest, we are well fortified
 And strong enough to issue out and fight:
 If thou retire, the Dauphin, well appointed,
 Stands with the snares of war to tangle thee:
 On either hand thee there are squadrons pitch'd,
 To wall thee from the liberty of flight;
 And no way canst thou turn thee for redress,
 But death doth front thee with apparent spoil
 And pale destruction meets thee in the face.
 Ten thousand French have ta'en the sacrament
 To rive their dangerous artillery
 Upon no Christian soul but English Talbot.
 Lo, there thou stand'st, a breathing valiant man,
 Of an invincible unconquer'd spirit!
 This is the latest glory of thy praise
 That I, thy enemy, due thee withal;
 For ere the glass, that now begins to run,
 Finish the process of his sandy hour,
 These eyes, that see thee now well coloured,
 Shall see thee wither'd, bloody, pale and dead.
 Hark! hark! the Dauphin's drum, a warning bell,
 Sings heavy music to thy timorous soul;
 And mine shall ring thy dire departure out.
TALBOT He fables not; I hear the enemy:
 Out, some light horsemen, and peruse their wings.
 O, negligent and heedless discipline!
 How are we park'd and bounded in a pale,
 A little herd of England's timorous deer,
 Mazed with a yelping kennel of French curs!
 If we be English deer, be then in blood;
 Not rascallike, to fall down with a pinch,
 But rather, moodymad and desperate stags,
 Turn on the bloody hounds with heads of steel
 And make the cowards stand aloof at bay:
 Sell every man his life as dear as mine,
 And they shall find dear deer of us, my friends.
 God and Saint George, Talbot and England's right,
 Prosper our colours in this dangerous fight!
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter a Messenger that meets YORK. Enter YORK
YORK Are not the speedy scouts return'd again,
 That dogg'd the mighty army of the Dauphin?
Messenger They are return'd, my lord, and give it out
 That he is march'd to Bourdeaux with his power,
 To fight with Talbot: as he march'd along,
 By your espials were discovered
 Two mightier troops than that the Dauphin led,
 Which join'd with him and made their march for Bourdeaux.
YORK A plague upon that villain Somerset,
 That thus delays my promised supply
 Of horsemen, that were levied for this siege!
 Renowned Talbot doth expect my aid,
 And I am lowted by a traitor villain
 And cannot help the noble chevalier:
 God comfort him in this necessity!
 If he miscarry, farewell wars in France.
LUCY Thou princely leader of our English strength,
 Never so needful on the earth of France,
 Spur to the rescue of the noble Talbot,
 Who now is girdled with a waist of iron
 And hemm'd about with grim destruction:
 To Bourdeaux, warlike duke! to Bourdeaux, York!
 Else, farewell Talbot, France, and England's honour.
YORK O God, that Somerset, who in proud heart
 Doth stop my cornets, were in Talbot's place!
 So should we save a valiant gentleman
 By forfeiting a traitor and a coward.
 Mad ire and wrathful fury makes me weep,
 That thus we die, while remiss traitors sleep.
LUCY O, send some succor to the distress'd lord!
YORK He dies, we lose; I break my warlike word;
 We mourn, France smiles; we lose, they daily get;
 All 'long of this vile traitor Somerset.
LUCY Then God take mercy on brave Talbot's soul;
 And on his son young John, who two hours since
 I met in travel toward his warlike father!
 This seven years did not Talbot see his son;
 And now they meet where both their lives are done.
YORK Alas, what joy shall noble Talbot have
 To bid his young son welcome to his grave?
 Away! vexation almost stops my breath,
 That sunder'd friends greet in the hour of death.
 Lucy, farewell; no more my fortune can,
 But curse the cause I cannot aid the man.
 Maine, Blois, Poictiers, and Tours, are won away,
 'Long all of Somerset and his delay.
LUCY Thus, while the vulture of sedition
 Feeds in the bosom of such great commanders,
 Sleeping neglection doth betray to loss
 The conquest of our scarce cold conqueror,
 That ever living man of memory,
 Henry the Fifth: whiles they each other cross,
 Lives, honours, lands and all hurry to loss.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter SOMERSET, with his army; a Captain of
SOMERSET It is too late; I cannot send them now:
 This expedition was by York and Talbot
 Too rashly plotted: all our general force
 Might with a sally of the very town
 Be buckled with: the overdaring Talbot
 Hath sullied all his gloss of former honour
 By this unheedful, desperate, wild adventure:
 York set him on to fight and die in shame,
 That, Talbot dead, great York might bear the name.
Captain Here is Sir William Lucy, who with me
 Set from our o'ermatch'd forces forth for aid.
SOMERSET How now, Sir William! whither were you sent?
LUCY Whither, my lord? from bought and sold Lord Talbot;
 Who, ring'd about with bold adversity,
 Cries out for noble York and Somerset,
 To beat assailing death from his weak legions:
 And whiles the honourable captain there
 Drops bloody sweat from his warwearied limbs,
 And, in advantage lingering, looks for rescue,
 You, his false hopes, the trust of England's honour,
 Keep off aloof with worthless emulation.
 Let not your private discord keep away
 The levied succors that should lend him aid,
 While he, renowned noble gentleman,
 Yields up his life unto a world of odds:
 Orleans the Bastard, Charles, Burgundy,
 Alencon, Reignier, compass him about,
 And Talbot perisheth by your default.
SOMERSET York set him on; York should have sent him aid.
LUCY And York as fast upon your grace exclaims;
 Swearing that you withhold his levied host,
 Collected for this expedition.
SOMERSET York lies; he might have sent and had the horse;
 I owe him little duty, and less love;
 And take foul scorn to fawn on him by sending.
LUCY The fraud of England, not the force of France,
 Hath now entrapp'd the nobleminded Talbot:
 Never to England shall he bear his life;
 But dies, betray'd to fortune by your strife.
SOMERSET Come, go; I will dispatch the horsemen straight:
 Within six hours they will be at his aid.
LUCY Too late comes rescue: he is ta'en or slain;
 For fly he could not, if he would have fled;
 And fly would Talbot never, though he might.
SOMERSET If he be dead, brave Talbot, then adieu!
LUCY His fame lives in the world, his shame in you.
 1 KING HENRY VI
TALBOT O young John Talbot! I did send for thee
 To tutor thee in stratagems of war,
 That Talbot's name might be in thee revived
 When sapless age and weak unable limbs
 Should bring thy father to his drooping chair.
 But, O malignant and illboding stars!
 Now thou art come unto a feast of death,
 A terrible and unavoided danger:
 Therefore, dear boy, mount on my swiftest horse;
 And I'll direct thee how thou shalt escape
 By sudden flight: come, dally not, be gone.
JOHN TALBOT Is my name Talbot? and am I your son?
 And shall I fly? O if you love my mother,
 Dishonour not her honourable name,
 To make a bastard and a slave of me!
 The world will say, he is not Talbot's blood,
 That basely fled when noble Talbot stood.
TALBOT Fly, to revenge my death, if I be slain.
JOHN TALBOT He that flies so will ne'er return again.
TALBOT If we both stay, we both are sure to die.
JOHN TALBOT Then let me stay; and, father, do you fly:
 Your loss is great, so your regard should be;
 My worth unknown, no loss is known in me.
 Upon my death the French can little boast;
 In yours they will, in you all hopes are lost.
 Flight cannot stain the honour you have won;
 But mine it will, that no exploit have done:
 You fled for vantage, everyone will swear;
 But, if I bow, they'll say it was for fear.
 There is no hope that ever I will stay,
 If the first hour I shrink and run away.
 Here on my knee I beg mortality,
 Rather than life preserved with infamy.
TALBOT Shall all thy mother's hopes lie in one tomb?
JOHN TALBOT Ay, rather than I'll shame my mother's womb.
TALBOT Upon my blessing, I command thee go.
JOHN TALBOT To fight I will, but not to fly the foe.
TALBOT Part of thy father may be saved in thee.
JOHN TALBOT No part of him but will be shame in me.
TALBOT Thou never hadst renown, nor canst not lose it.
JOHN TALBOT Yes, your renowned name: shall flight abuse it?
TALBOT Thy father's charge shall clear thee from that stain.
JOHN TALBOT You cannot witness for me, being slain.
 If death be so apparent, then both fly.
TALBOT And leave my followers here to fight and die?
 My age was never tainted with such shame.
JOHN TALBOT And shall my youth be guilty of such blame?
 No more can I be sever'd from your side,
 Than can yourself yourself in twain divide:
 Stay, go, do what you will, the like do I;
 For live I will not, if my father die.
TALBOT Then here I take my leave of thee, fair son,
 Born to eclipse thy life this afternoon.
 Come, side by side together live and die.
 And soul with soul from France to heaven fly.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Alarum: excursions, wherein JOHN TALBOT is
TALBOT Saint George and victory! fight, soldiers, fight.
 The regent hath with Talbot broke his word
 And left us to the rage of France his sword.
 Where is John Talbot? Pause, and take thy breath;
 I gave thee life and rescued thee from death.
JOHN TALBOT O, twice my father, twice am I thy son!
 The life thou gavest me first was lost and done,
 Till with thy warlike sword, despite of late,
 To my determined time thou gavest new date.
TALBOT When from the Dauphin's crest thy sword struck fire,
 It warm'd thy father's heart with proud desire
 Of boldfaced victory. Then leaden age,
 Quicken'd with youthful spleen and warlike rage,
 Beat down Alencon, Orleans, Burgundy,
 And from the pride of Gallia rescued thee.
 The ireful bastard Orleans, that drew blood
 From thee, my boy, and had the maidenhood
 Of thy first fight, I soon encountered,
 And interchanging blows I quickly shed
 Some of his bastard blood; and in disgrace
 Bespoke him thus; 'Contaminated, base
 And misbegotten blood I spill of thine,
 Mean and right poor, for that pure blood of mine
 Which thou didst force from Talbot, my brave boy:'
 Here, purposing the Bastard to destroy,
 Came in strong rescue. Speak, thy father's care,
 Art thou not weary, John? how dost thou fare?
 Wilt thou yet leave the battle, boy, and fly,
 Now thou art seal'd the son of chivalry?
 Fly, to revenge my death when I am dead:
 The help of one stands me in little stead.
 O, too much folly is it, well I wot,
 To hazard all our lives in one small boat!
 If I today die not with Frenchmen's rage,
 Tomorrow I shall die with mickle age:
 By me they nothing gain an if I stay;
 'Tis but the shortening of my life one day:
 In thee thy mother dies, our household's name,
 My death's revenge, thy youth, and England's fame:
 All these and more we hazard by thy stay;
 All these are saved if thou wilt fly away.
JOHN TALBOT The sword of Orleans hath not made me smart;
 These words of yours draw lifeblood from my heart:
 On that advantage, bought with such a shame,
 To save a paltry life and slay bright fame,
 Before young Talbot from old Talbot fly,
 The coward horse that bears me fail and die!
 And like me to the peasant boys of France,
 To be shame's scorn and subject of mischance!
 Surely, by all the glory you have won,
 An if I fly, I am not Talbot's son:
 Then talk no more of flight, it is no boot;
 If son to Talbot, die at Talbot's foot.
TALBOT Then follow thou thy desperate sire of Crete,
 Thou Icarus; thy life to me is sweet:
 If thou wilt fight, fight by thy father's side;
 And, commendable proved, let's die in pride.
 1 KING HENRY VI
TALBOT Where is my other life? mine own is gone;
 O, where's young Talbot? where is valiant John?
 Triumphant death, smear'd with captivity,
 Young Talbot's valour makes me smile at thee:
 When he perceived me shrink and on my knee,
 His bloody sword he brandish'd over me,
 And, like a hungry lion, did commence
 Rough deeds of rage and stern impatience;
 But when my angry guardant stood alone,
 Tendering my ruin and assail'd of none,
 Dizzyeyed fury and great rage of heart
 Suddenly made him from my side to start
 Into the clustering battle of the French;
 And in that sea of blood my boy did drench
 His overmounting spirit, and there died,
 My Icarus, my blossom, in his pride.
Servant O, my dear lord, lo, where your son is borne!
TALBOT Thou antic death, which laugh'st us here to scorn,
 Anon, from thy insulting tyranny,
 Coupled in bonds of perpetuity,
 Two Talbots, winged through the lither sky,
 In thy despite shall 'scape mortality.
 O, thou, whose wounds become hardfavour'd death,
 Speak to thy father ere thou yield thy breath!
 Brave death by speaking, whether he will or no;
 Imagine him a Frenchman and thy foe.
 Poor boy! he smiles, methinks, as who should say,
 Had death been French, then death had died today.
 Come, come and lay him in his father's arms:
 My spirit can no longer bear these harms.
 Soldiers, adieu! I have what I would have,
 Now my old arms are young John Talbot's grave.
 Enter CHARLES, ALENCON, BURGUNDY, BASTARD OF
CHARLES Had York and Somerset brought rescue in,
 We should have found a bloody day of this.
BASTARD OF ORLEANS How the young whelp of Talbot's, ragingwood,
 Did flesh his puny sword in Frenchmen's blood!
JOAN LA PUCELLE Once I encounter'd him, and thus I said:
 'Thou maiden youth, be vanquish'd by a maid:'
 But, with a proud majestical high scorn,
 He answer'd thus: 'Young Talbot was not born
 To be the pillage of a giglot wench:'
 So, rushing in the bowels of the French,
 He left me proudly, as unworthy fight.
BURGUNDY Doubtless he would have made a noble knight;
 See, where he lies inhearsed in the arms
 Of the most bloody nurser of his harms!
BASTARD OF ORLEANS Hew them to pieces, hack their bones asunder
 Whose life was England's glory, Gallia's wonder.
CHARLES O, no, forbear! for that which we have fled
 During the life, let us not wrong it dead.
 Enter Sir William LUCY, attended; Herald of the
LUCY Herald, conduct me to the Dauphin's tent,
 To know who hath obtained the glory of the day.
CHARLES On what submissive message art thou sent?
LUCY Submission, Dauphin! 'tis a mere French word;
 We English warriors wot not what it means.
 I come to know what prisoners thou hast ta'en
 And to survey the bodies of the dead.
CHARLES For prisoners ask'st thou? hell our prison is.
 But tell me whom thou seek'st.
LUCY But where's the great Alcides of the field,
 Valiant Lord Talbot, Earl of Shrewsbury,
 Created, for his rare success in arms,
 Great Earl of Washford, Waterford and Valence;
 Lord Talbot of Goodrig and Urchinfield,
 Lord Strange of Blackmere, Lord Verdun of Alton,
 Lord Cromwell of Wingfield, Lord Furnival of Sheffield,
 The thricevictorious Lord of Falconbridge;
 Knight of the noble order of Saint George,
 Worthy Saint Michael and the Golden Fleece;
 Great marshal to Henry the Sixth
 Of all his wars within the realm of France?
JOAN LA PUCELLE Here is a silly stately style indeed!
 The Turk, that two and fifty kingdoms hath,
 Writes not so tedious a style as this.
 Him that thou magnifiest with all these titles
 Stinking and flyblown lies here at our feet.
LUCY Is Talbot slain, the Frenchmen's only scourge,
 Your kingdom's terror and black Nemesis?
 O, were mine eyeballs into bullets turn'd,
 That I in rage might shoot them at your faces!
 O, that I could but call these dead to life!
 It were enough to fright the realm of France:
 Were but his picture left amongst you here,
 It would amaze the proudest of you all.
 Give me their bodies, that I may bear them hence
 And give them burial as beseems their worth.
JOAN LA PUCELLE I think this upstart is old Talbot's ghost,
 He speaks with such a proud commanding spirit.
 For God's sake let him have 'em; to keep them here,
 They would but stink, and putrefy the air.
CHARLES Go, take their bodies hence.
LUCY I'll bear them hence; but from their ashes shall be rear'd
 A phoenix that shall make all France afeard.
CHARLES So we be rid of them, do with 'em what thou wilt.
 And now to Paris, in this conquering vein:
 All will be ours, now bloody Talbot's slain.
 1 KING HENRY VI
KING HENRY VI Have you perused the letters from the pope,
 The emperor and the Earl of Armagnac?
GLOUCESTER I have, my lord: and their intent is this:
 They humbly sue unto your excellence
 To have a godly peace concluded of
 Between the realms of England and of France.
KING HENRY VI How doth your grace affect their motion?
GLOUCESTER Well, my good lord; and as the only means
 To stop effusion of our Christian blood
 And 'stablish quietness on every side.
KING HENRY VI Ay, marry, uncle; for I always thought
 It was both impious and unnatural
 That such immanity and bloody strife
 Should reign among professors of one faith.
GLOUCESTER Beside, my lord, the sooner to effect
 And surer bind this knot of amity,
 The Earl of Armagnac, near knit to Charles,
 A man of great authority in France,
 Proffers his only daughter to your grace
 In marriage, with a large and sumptuous dowry.
KING HENRY VI Marriage, uncle! alas, my years are young!
 And fitter is my study and my books
 Than wanton dalliance with a paramour.
 Yet call the ambassador; and, as you please,
 So let them have their answers every one:
 I shall be well content with any choice
 Tends to God's glory and my country's weal.
 Enter CARDINAL OF WINCHESTER in Cardinal's habit,
EXETER What! is my Lord of Winchester install'd,
 And call'd unto a cardinal's degree?
 Then I perceive that will be verified
 Henry the Fifth did sometime prophesy,
 'If once he come to be a cardinal,
 He'll make his cap coequal with the crown.'
KING HENRY VI My lords ambassadors, your several suits
 Have been consider'd and debated on.
 And therefore are we certainly resolved
 To draw conditions of a friendly peace;
 Which by my Lord of Winchester we mean
 Shall be transported presently to France.
GLOUCESTER And for the proffer of my lord your master,
 I have inform'd his highness so at large
 As liking of the lady's virtuous gifts,
 Her beauty and the value of her dower,
 He doth intend she shall be England's queen.
KING HENRY VI In argument and proof of which contract,
 Bear her this jewel, pledge of my affection.
 And so, my lord protector, see them guarded
 And safely brought to Dover; where inshipp'd
 Commit them to the fortune of the sea.
CARDINAL
OF WINCHESTER Stay, my lord legate: you shall first receive
 The sum of money which I promised
 Should be deliver'd to his holiness
 For clothing me in these grave ornaments.
Legate I will attend upon your lordship's leisure.
CARDINAL
 Now Winchester will not submit, I trow,
 Or be inferior to the proudest peer.
 Humphrey of Gloucester, thou shalt well perceive
 That, neither in birth or for authority,
 The bishop will be overborne by thee:
 I'll either make thee stoop and bend thy knee,
 Or sack this country with a mutiny.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter CHARLES, BURGUNDY, ALENCON, BASTARD OF
CHARLES These news, my lord, may cheer our drooping spirits:
 'Tis said the stout Parisians do revolt
 And turn again unto the warlike French.
ALENCON Then march to Paris, royal Charles of France,
 And keep not back your powers in dalliance.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Peace be amongst them, if they turn to us;
 Else, ruin combat with their palaces!
Scout Success unto our valiant general,
 And happiness to his accomplices!
CHARLES What tidings send our scouts? I prithee, speak.
Scout The English army, that divided was
 Into two parties, is now conjoined in one,
 And means to give you battle presently.
CHARLES Somewhat too sudden, sirs, the warning is;
 But we will presently provide for them.
BURGUNDY I trust the ghost of Talbot is not there:
 Now he is gone, my lord, you need not fear.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Of all base passions, fear is most accursed.
 Command the conquest, Charles, it shall be thine,
 Let Henry fret and all the world repine.
CHARLES Then on, my lords; and France be fortunate!
 1 KING HENRY VI
JOAN LA PUCELLE The regent conquers, and the Frenchmen fly.
 Now help, ye charming spells and periapts;
 And ye choice spirits that admonish me
 And give me signs of future accidents.
 You speedy helpers, that are substitutes
 Under the lordly monarch of the north,
 Appear and aid me in this enterprise.
 This speedy and quick appearance argues proof
 Of your accustom'd diligence to me.
 Now, ye familiar spirits, that are cull'd
 Out of the powerful regions under earth,
 Help me this once, that France may get the field.
 O, hold me not with silence overlong!
 Where I was wont to feed you with my blood,
 I'll lop a member off and give it you
 In earnest of further benefit,
 So you do condescend to help me now.
 No hope to have redress? My body shall
 Pay recompense, if you will grant my suit.
 Cannot my body nor bloodsacrifice
 Entreat you to your wonted furtherance?
 Then take my soul, my body, soul and all,
 Before that England give the French the foil.
 See, they forsake me! Now the time is come
 That France must vail her loftyplumed crest
 And let her head fall into England's lap.
 My ancient incantations are too weak,
 And hell too strong for me to buckle with:
 Now, France, thy glory droopeth to the dust.
 Excursions. Reenter JOAN LA PUCELLE fighting hand
 to hand with YORK JOAN LA PUCELLE is taken. The
YORK Damsel of France, I think I have you fast:
 Unchain your spirits now with spelling charms
 And try if they can gain your liberty.
 A goodly prize, fit for the devil's grace!
 See, how the ugly wench doth bend her brows,
 As if with Circe she would change my shape!
JOAN LA PUCELLE Changed to a worser shape thou canst not be.
YORK O, Charles the Dauphin is a proper man;
 No shape but his can please your dainty eye.
JOAN LA PUCELLE A plaguing mischief light on Charles and thee!
 And may ye both be suddenly surprised
 By bloody hands, in sleeping on your beds!
YORK Fell banning hag, enchantress, hold thy tongue!
JOAN LA PUCELLE I prithee, give me leave to curse awhile.
YORK Curse, miscreant, when thou comest to the stake.
SUFFOLK Be what thou wilt, thou art my prisoner.
 O fairest beauty, do not fear nor fly!
 For I will touch thee but with reverent hands;
 I kiss these fingers for eternal peace,
 And lay them gently on thy tender side.
 Who art thou? say, that I may honour thee.
MARGARET Margaret my name, and daughter to a king,
 The King of Naples, whosoe'er thou art.
SUFFOLK An earl I am, and Suffolk am I call'd.
 Be not offended, nature's miracle,
 Thou art allotted to be ta'en by me:
 So doth the swan her downy cygnets save,
 Keeping them prisoner underneath her wings.
 Yet, if this servile usage once offend.
 Go, and be free again, as Suffolk's friend.
 O, stay! I have no power to let her pass;
 My hand would free her, but my heart says no
 As plays the sun upon the glassy streams,
 Twinkling another counterfeited beam,
 So seems this gorgeous beauty to mine eyes.
 Fain would I woo her, yet I dare not speak:
 I'll call for pen and ink, and write my mind.
 Fie, de la Pole! disable not thyself;
 Hast not a tongue? is she not here?
 Wilt thou be daunted at a woman's sight?
 Ay, beauty's princely majesty is such,
 Confounds the tongue and makes the senses rough.
MARGARET Say, Earl of Suffolkif thy name be so
 What ransom must I pay before I pass?
 For I perceive I am thy prisoner.
SUFFOLK How canst thou tell she will deny thy suit,
 Before thou make a trial of her love?
MARGARET Why speak'st thou not? what ransom must I pay?
SUFFOLK She's beautiful, and therefore to be woo'd;
 She is a woman, therefore to be won.
MARGARET Wilt thou accept of ransom? yea, or no.
SUFFOLK Fond man, remember that thou hast a wife;
 Then how can Margaret be thy paramour?
MARGARET I were best to leave him, for he will not hear.
SUFFOLK There all is marr'd; there lies a cooling card.
MARGARET He talks at random; sure, the man is mad.
SUFFOLK And yet a dispensation may be had.
MARGARET And yet I would that you would answer me.
SUFFOLK I'll win this Lady Margaret. For whom?
 Why, for my king: tush, that's a wooden thing!
MARGARET He talks of wood: it is some carpenter.
SUFFOLK Yet so my fancy may be satisfied,
 And peace established between these realms
 But there remains a scruple in that too;
 For though her father be the King of Naples,
 Duke of Anjou and Maine, yet is he poor,
 And our nobility will scorn the match.
MARGARET Hear ye, captain, are you not at leisure?
SUFFOLK It shall be so, disdain they ne'er so much.
 Henry is youthful and will quickly yield.
 Madam, I have a secret to reveal.
MARGARET What though I be enthrall'd? he seems a knight,
 And will not any way dishonour me.
SUFFOLK Lady, vouchsafe to listen what I say.
MARGARET Perhaps I shall be rescued by the French;
 And then I need not crave his courtesy.
SUFFOLK Sweet madam, give me a hearing in a cause
MARGARET Tush, women have been captivate ere now.
SUFFOLK Lady, wherefore talk you so?
MARGARET I cry you mercy, 'tis but Quid for Quo.
SUFFOLK Say, gentle princess, would you not suppose
 Your bondage happy, to be made a queen?
MARGARET To be a queen in bondage is more vile
 Than is a slave in base servility;
 For princes should be free.
SUFFOLK And so shall you,
 If happy England's royal king be free.
MARGARET Why, what concerns his freedom unto me?
SUFFOLK I'll undertake to make thee Henry's queen,
 To put a golden sceptre in thy hand
 And set a precious crown upon thy head,
 If thou wilt condescend to be my
MARGARET What?
SUFFOLK His love.
MARGARET I am unworthy to be Henry's wife.
SUFFOLK No, gentle madam; I unworthy am
 To woo so fair a dame to be his wife,
 And have no portion in the choice myself.
 How say you, madam, are ye so content?
MARGARET An if my father please, I am content.
SUFFOLK Then call our captains and our colours forth.
 And, madam, at your father's castle walls
 We'll crave a parley, to confer with him.
 See, Reignier, see, thy daughter prisoner!
REIGNIER To whom?
SUFFOLK To me.
REIGNIER Suffolk, what remedy?
 I am a soldier, and unapt to weep,
 Or to exclaim on fortune's fickleness.
SUFFOLK Yes, there is remedy enough, my lord:
 Consent, and for thy honour give consent,
 Thy daughter shall be wedded to my king;
 Whom I with pain have woo'd and won thereto;
 And this her easyheld imprisonment
 Hath gained thy daughter princely liberty.
REIGNIER Speaks Suffolk as he thinks?
SUFFOLK Fair Margaret knows
 That Suffolk doth not flatter, face, or feign.
REIGNIER Upon thy princely warrant, I descend
 To give thee answer of thy just demand.
SUFFOLK And here I will expect thy coming.
REIGNIER Welcome, brave earl, into our territories:
 Command in Anjou what your honour pleases.
SUFFOLK Thanks, Reignier, happy for so sweet a child,
 Fit to be made companion with a king:
 What answer makes your grace unto my suit?
REIGNIER Since thou dost deign to woo her little worth
 To be the princely bride of such a lord;
 Upon condition I may quietly
 Enjoy mine own, the country Maine and Anjou,
 Free from oppression or the stroke of war,
 My daughter shall be Henry's, if he please.
SUFFOLK That is her ransom; I deliver her;
 And those two counties I will undertake
 Your grace shall well and quietly enjoy.
REIGNIER And I again, in Henry's royal name,
 As deputy unto that gracious king,
 Give thee her hand, for sign of plighted faith.
SUFFOLK Reignier of France, I give thee kingly thanks,
 Because this is in traffic of a king.
 And yet, methinks, I could be well content
 To be mine own attorney in this case.
 I'll over then to England with this news,
 And make this marriage to be solemnized.
 So farewell, Reignier: set this diamond safe
 In golden palaces, as it becomes.
REIGNIER I do embrace thee, as I would embrace
 The Christian prince, King Henry, were he here.
MARGARET Farewell, my lord: good wishes, praise and prayers
 Shall Suffolk ever have of Margaret.
SUFFOLK Farewell, sweet madam: but hark you, Margaret;
 No princely commendations to my king?
MARGARET Such commendations as becomes a maid,
 A virgin and his servant, say to him.
SUFFOLK Words sweetly placed and modestly directed.
 But madam, I must trouble you again;
 No loving token to his majesty?
MARGARET Yes, my good lord, a pure unspotted heart,
 Never yet taint with love, I send the king.
SUFFOLK And this withal.
MARGARET That for thyself: I will not so presume
 To send such peevish tokens to a king.
SUFFOLK O, wert thou for myself! But, Suffolk, stay;
 Thou mayst not wander in that labyrinth;
 There Minotaurs and ugly treasons lurk.
 Solicit Henry with her wondrous praise:
 Bethink thee on her virtues that surmount,
 And natural graces that extinguish art;
 Repeat their semblance often on the seas,
 That, when thou comest to kneel at Henry's feet,
 Thou mayst bereave him of his wits with wonder.
 1 KING HENRY VI
YORK Bring forth that sorceress condemn'd to burn.
Shepherd Ah, Joan, this kills thy father's heart outright!
 Have I sought every country far and near,
 And, now it is my chance to find thee out,
 Must I behold thy timeless cruel death?
 Ah, Joan, sweet daughter Joan, I'll die with thee!
JOAN LA PUCELLE Decrepit miser! base ignoble wretch!
 I am descended of a gentler blood:
 Thou art no father nor no friend of mine.
Shepherd Out, out! My lords, an please you, 'tis not so;
 I did beget her, all the parish knows:
 Her mother liveth yet, can testify
 She was the first fruit of my bachelorship.
WARWICK Graceless! wilt thou deny thy parentage?
YORK This argues what her kind of life hath been,
 Wicked and vile; and so her death concludes.
Shepherd Fie, Joan, that thou wilt be so obstacle!
 God knows thou art a collop of my flesh;
 And for thy sake have I shed many a tear:
 Deny me not, I prithee, gentle Joan.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Peasant, avaunt! You have suborn'd this man,
 Of purpose to obscure my noble birth.
Shepherd 'Tis true, I gave a noble to the priest
 The morn that I was wedded to her mother.
 Kneel down and take my blessing, good my girl.
 Wilt thou not stoop? Now cursed be the time
 Of thy nativity! I would the milk
 Thy mother gave thee when thou suck'dst her breast,
 Had been a little ratsbane for thy sake!
 Or else, when thou didst keep my lambs afield,
 I wish some ravenous wolf had eaten thee!
 Dost thou deny thy father, cursed drab?
 O, burn her, burn her! hanging is too good.
YORK Take her away; for she hath lived too long,
 To fill the world with vicious qualities.
JOAN LA PUCELLE First, let me tell you whom you have condemn'd:
 Not me begotten of a shepherd swain,
 But issued from the progeny of kings;
 Virtuous and holy; chosen from above,
 By inspiration of celestial grace,
 To work exceeding miracles on earth.
 I never had to do with wicked spirits:
 But you, that are polluted with your lusts,
 Stain'd with the guiltless blood of innocents,
 Corrupt and tainted with a thousand vices,
 Because you want the grace that others have,
 You judge it straight a thing impossible
 To compass wonders but by help of devils.
 No, misconceived! Joan of Arc hath been
 A virgin from her tender infancy,
 Chaste and immaculate in very thought;
 Whose maiden blood, thus rigorously effused,
 Will cry for vengeance at the gates of heaven.
YORK Ay, ay: away with her to execution!
WARWICK And hark ye, sirs; because she is a maid,
 Spare for no faggots, let there be enow:
 Place barrels of pitch upon the fatal stake,
 That so her torture may be shortened.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Will nothing turn your unrelenting hearts?
 Then, Joan, discover thine infirmity,
 That warranteth by law to be thy privilege.
 I am with child, ye bloody homicides:
 Murder not then the fruit within my womb,
 Although ye hale me to a violent death.
YORK Now heaven forfend! the holy maid with child!
WARWICK The greatest miracle that e'er ye wrought:
 Is all your strict preciseness come to this?
YORK She and the Dauphin have been juggling:
 I did imagine what would be her refuge.
WARWICK Well, go to; we'll have no bastards live;
 Especially since Charles must father it.
JOAN LA PUCELLE You are deceived; my child is none of his:
 It was Alencon that enjoy'd my love.
YORK Alencon! that notorious Machiavel!
 It dies, an if it had a thousand lives.
JOAN LA PUCELLE O, give me leave, I have deluded you:
 'Twas neither Charles nor yet the duke I named,
 But Reignier, king of Naples, that prevail'd.
WARWICK A married man! that's most intolerable.
YORK Why, here's a girl! I think she knows not well,
 There were so many, whom she may accuse.
WARWICK It's sign she hath been liberal and free.
YORK And yet, forsooth, she is a virgin pure.
 Strumpet, thy words condemn thy brat and thee:
 Use no entreaty, for it is in vain.
JOAN LA PUCELLE Then lead me hence; with whom I leave my curse:
 May never glorious sun reflex his beams
 Upon the country where you make abode;
 But darkness and the gloomy shade of death
 Environ you, till mischief and despair
 Drive you to break your necks or hang yourselves!
YORK Break thou in pieces and consume to ashes,
 Thou foul accursed minister of hell!
CARDINAL
OF WINCHESTER Lord regent, I do greet your excellence
 With letters of commission from the king.
 For know, my lords, the states of Christendom,
 Moved with remorse of these outrageous broils,
 Have earnestly implored a general peace
 Betwixt our nation and the aspiring French;
 And here at hand the Dauphin and his train
 Approacheth, to confer about some matter.
YORK Is all our travail turn'd to this effect?
 After the slaughter of so many peers,
 So many captains, gentlemen and soldiers,
 That in this quarrel have been overthrown
 And sold their bodies for their country's benefit,
 Shall we at last conclude effeminate peace?
 Have we not lost most part of all the towns,
 By treason, falsehood and by treachery,
 Our great progenitors had conquered?
 O Warwick, Warwick! I foresee with grief
 The utter loss of all the realm of France.
WARWICK Be patient, York: if we conclude a peace,
 It shall be with such strict and severe covenants
 As little shall the Frenchmen gain thereby.
 Enter CHARLES, ALENCON, BASTARD OF ORLEANS,
CHARLES Since, lords of England, it is thus agreed
 That peaceful truce shall be proclaim'd in France,
 We come to be informed by yourselves
 What the conditions of that league must be.
YORK Speak, Winchester; for boiling choler chokes
 The hollow passage of my poison'd voice,
 By sight of these our baleful enemies.
CARDINAL
OF WINCHESTER Charles, and the rest, it is enacted thus:
 That, in regard King Henry gives consent,
 Of mere compassion and of lenity,
 To ease your country of distressful war,
 And suffer you to breathe in fruitful peace,
 You shall become true liegemen to his crown:
 And Charles, upon condition thou wilt swear
 To pay him tribute, submit thyself,
 Thou shalt be placed as viceroy under him,
 And still enjoy thy regal dignity.
ALENCON Must he be then as shadow of himself?
 Adorn his temples with a coronet,
 And yet, in substance and authority,
 Retain but privilege of a private man?
 This proffer is absurd and reasonless.
CHARLES 'Tis known already that I am possess'd
 With more than half the Gallian territories,
 And therein reverenced for their lawful king:
 Shall I, for lucre of the rest unvanquish'd,
 Detract so much from that prerogative,
 As to be call'd but viceroy of the whole?
 No, lord ambassador, I'll rather keep
 That which I have than, coveting for more,
 Be cast from possibility of all.
YORK Insulting Charles! hast thou by secret means
 Used intercession to obtain a league,
 And, now the matter grows to compromise,
 Stand'st thou aloof upon comparison?
 Either accept the title thou usurp'st,
 Of benefit proceeding from our king
 And not of any challenge of desert,
 Or we will plague thee with incessant wars.
REIGNIER My lord, you do not well in obstinacy
 To cavil in the course of this contract:
 If once it be neglected, ten to one
 We shall not find like opportunity.
ALENCON To say the truth, it is your policy
 To save your subjects from such massacre
 And ruthless slaughters as are daily seen
 By our proceeding in hostility;
 And therefore take this compact of a truce,
 Although you break it when your pleasure serves.
WARWICK How say'st thou, Charles? shall our condition stand?
CHARLES It shall;
 Only reserved, you claim no interest
 In any of our towns of garrison.
YORK Then swear allegiance to his majesty,
 As thou art knight, never to disobey
 Nor be rebellious to the crown of England,
 Thou, nor thy nobles, to the crown of England.
 So, now dismiss your army when ye please:
 Hang up your ensign, let your drums be still,
 For here we entertain a solemn peace.
 1 KING HENRY VI
 Enter SUFFOLK in conference with KING HENRY VI,
KING HENRY VI Your wondrous rare description, noble earl,
 Of beauteous Margaret hath astonish'd me:
 Her virtues graced with external gifts
 Do breed love's settled passions in my heart:
 And like as rigor of tempestuous gusts
 Provokes the mightiest hulk against the tide,
 So am I driven by breath of her renown
 Either to suffer shipwreck or arrive
 Where I may have fruition of her love.
SUFFOLK Tush, my good lord, this superficial tale
 Is but a preface of her worthy praise;
 The chief perfections of that lovely dame
 Had I sufficient skill to utter them,
 Would make a volume of enticing lines,
 Able to ravish any dull conceit:
 And, which is more, she is not so divine,
 So fullreplete with choice of all delights,
 But with as humble lowliness of mind
 She is content to be at your command;
 Command, I mean, of virtuous chaste intents,
 To love and honour Henry as her lord.
KING HENRY VI And otherwise will Henry ne'er presume.
 Therefore, my lord protector, give consent
 That Margaret may be England's royal queen.
GLOUCESTER So should I give consent to flatter sin.
 You know, my lord, your highness is betroth'd
 Unto another lady of esteem:
 How shall we then dispense with that contract,
 And not deface your honour with reproach?
SUFFOLK As doth a ruler with unlawful oaths;
 Or one that, at a triumph having vow'd
 To try his strength, forsaketh yet the lists
 By reason of his adversary's odds:
 A poor earl's daughter is unequal odds,
 And therefore may be broke without offence.
GLOUCESTER Why, what, I pray, is Margaret more than that?
 Her father is no better than an earl,
 Although in glorious titles he excel.
SUFFOLK Yes, lord, her father is a king,
 The King of Naples and Jerusalem;
 And of such great authority in France
 As his alliance will confirm our peace
 And keep the Frenchmen in allegiance.
GLOUCESTER And so the Earl of Armagnac may do,
 Because he is near kinsman unto Charles.
EXETER Beside, his wealth doth warrant a liberal dower,
 Where Reignier sooner will receive than give.
SUFFOLK A dower, my lords! disgrace not so your king,
 That he should be so abject, base and poor,
 To choose for wealth and not for perfect love.
 Henry is able to enrich his queen
 And not seek a queen to make him rich:
 So worthless peasants bargain for their wives,
 As marketmen for oxen, sheep, or horse.
 Marriage is a matter of more worth
 Than to be dealt in by attorneyship;
 Not whom we will, but whom his grace affects,
 Must be companion of his nuptial bed:
 And therefore, lords, since he affects her most,
 It most of all these reasons bindeth us,
 In our opinions she should be preferr'd.
 For what is wedlock forced but a hell,
 An age of discord and continual strife?
 Whereas the contrary bringeth bliss,
 And is a pattern of celestial peace.
 Whom should we match with Henry, being a king,
 But Margaret, that is daughter to a king?
 Her peerless feature, joined with her birth,
 Approves her fit for none but for a king:
 Her valiant courage and undaunted spirit,
 More than in women commonly is seen,
 Will answer our hope in issue of a king;
 For Henry, son unto a conqueror,
 Is likely to beget more conquerors,
 If with a lady of so high resolve
 As is fair Margaret he be link'd in love.
 Then yield, my lords; and here conclude with me
 That Margaret shall be queen, and none but she.
KING HENRY VI Whether it be through force of your report,
 My noble Lord of Suffolk, or for that
 My tender youth was never yet attaint
 With any passion of inflaming love,
 I cannot tell; but this I am assured,
 I feel such sharp dissension in my breast,
 Such fierce alarums both of hope and fear,
 As I am sick with working of my thoughts.
 Take, therefore, shipping; post, my lord, to France;
 Agree to any covenants, and procure
 That Lady Margaret do vouchsafe to come
 To cross the seas to England and be crown'd
 King Henry's faithful and anointed queen:
 For your expenses and sufficient charge,
 Among the people gather up a tenth.
 Be gone, I say; for, till you do return,
 I rest perplexed with a thousand cares.
 And you, good uncle, banish all offence:
 If you do censure me by what you were,
 Not what you are, I know it will excuse
 This sudden execution of my will.
 And so, conduct me where, from company,
 I may revolve and ruminate my grief.
GLOUCESTER Ay, grief, I fear me, both at first and last.
SUFFOLK Thus Suffolk hath prevail'd; and thus he goes,
 As did the youthful Paris once to Greece,
 With hope to find the like event in love,
 But prosper better than the Trojan did.
 Margaret shall now be queen, and rule the king;
 But I will rule both her, the king and realm.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 DRAMATIS PERSONAE
RUMOUR the Presenter.
KING HENRY the Fourth. 
EARL OF WARWICK 
EARL OF
WESTMORELAND 
EARL OF SURREY:
GOWER:
HARCOURT:
BLUNT:
 Lord ChiefJustice of the King's Bench:
 
 A Servant of the ChiefJustice.
EARL OF
NORTHUMBERLAND 
SCROOP,
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK 
LORD MOWBRAY 
LORD HASTINGS 
LORD BARDOLPH:
SIR JOHN COLEVILE 
SIR JOHN FALSTAFF 
 His Page. 
BARDOLPH:
PISTOL:
POINS:
PETO:
DAVY servant to Shallow.
LADY
NORTHUMBERLAND:
LADY PERCY:
MISTRESS QUICKLY hostess of a tavern in Eastcheap.
DOLL TEARSHEET:
 Lords and Attendants; Porter, Drawers,
 Beadles, Grooms, &c.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A Dancer, speaker of the epilogue.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 INDUCTION
RUMOUR Open your ears; for which of you will stop
 The vent of hearing when loud Rumour speaks?
 I, from the orient to the drooping west,
 Making the wind my posthorse, still unfold
 The acts commenced on this ball of earth:
 Upon my tongues continual slanders ride,
 The which in every language I pronounce,
 Stuffing the ears of men with false reports.
 I speak of peace, while covert enmity
 Under the smile of safety wounds the world:
 And who but Rumour, who but only I,
 Make fearful musters and prepared defence,
 Whiles the big year, swoln with some other grief,
 Is thought with child by the stern tyrant war,
 And no such matter? Rumour is a pipe
 Blown by surmises, jealousies, conjectures
 And of so easy and so plain a stop
 That the blunt monster with uncounted heads,
 The stilldiscordant wavering multitude,
 Can play upon it. But what need I thus
 My wellknown body to anatomize
 Among my household? Why is Rumour here?
 I run before King Harry's victory;
 Who in a bloody field by Shrewsbury
 Hath beaten down young Hotspur and his troops,
 Quenching the flame of bold rebellion
 Even with the rebel's blood. But what mean I
 To speak so true at first? my office is
 To noise abroad that Harry Monmouth fell
 Under the wrath of noble Hotspur's sword,
 And that the king before the Douglas' rage
 Stoop'd his anointed head as low as death.
 This have I rumour'd through the peasant towns
 Between that royal field of Shrewsbury
 And this wormeaten hold of ragged stone,
 Where Hotspur's father, old Northumberland,
 Lies craftysick: the posts come tiring on,
 And not a man of them brings other news
 Than they have learn'd of me: from Rumour's tongues
 They bring smooth comforts false, worse than
 true wrongs.
 2 KING HENRY IV
LORD BARDOLPH Who keeps the gate here, ho?
 Where is the earl?
Porter What shall I say you are?
LORD BARDOLPH Tell thou the earl
 That the Lord Bardolph doth attend him here.
Porter His lordship is walk'd forth into the orchard;
 Please it your honour, knock but at the gate,
 And he himself wilt answer.
LORD BARDOLPH Here comes the earl.
NORTHUMBERLAND What news, Lord Bardolph? every minute now
 Should be the father of some stratagem:
 The times are wild: contention, like a horse
 Full of high feeding, madly hath broke loose
 And bears down all before him.
LORD BARDOLPH Noble earl,
 I bring you certain news from Shrewsbury.
NORTHUMBERLAND Good, an God will!
LORD BARDOLPH As good as heart can wish:
 The king is almost wounded to the death;
 And, in the fortune of my lord your son,
 Prince Harry slain outright; and both the Blunts
 Kill'd by the hand of Douglas; young Prince John
 And Westmoreland and Stafford fled the field;
 And Harry Monmouth's brawn, the hulk Sir John,
 Is prisoner to your son: O, such a day,
 So fought, so follow'd and so fairly won,
 Came not till now to dignify the times,
 Since Caesar's fortunes!
NORTHUMBERLAND How is this derived?
 Saw you the field? came you from Shrewsbury?
LORD BARDOLPH I spake with one, my lord, that came from thence,
 A gentleman well bred and of good name,
 That freely render'd me these news for true.
NORTHUMBERLAND Here comes my servant Travers, whom I sent
 On Tuesday last to listen after news.
LORD BARDOLPH My lord, I overrode him on the way;
 And he is furnish'd with no certainties
 More than he haply may retail from me.
NORTHUMBERLAND Now, Travers, what good tidings comes with you?
TRAVERS My lord, Sir John Umfrevile turn'd me back
 With joyful tidings; and, being better horsed,
 Outrode me. After him came spurring hard
 A gentleman, almost forspent with speed,
 That stopp'd by me to breathe his bloodied horse.
 He ask'd the way to Chester; and of him
 I did demand what news from Shrewsbury:
 He told me that rebellion had bad luck
 And that young Harry Percy's spur was cold.
 With that, he gave his able horse the head,
 And bending forward struck his armed heels
 Against the panting sides of his poor jade
 Up to the rowelhead, and starting so
 He seem'd in running to devour the way,
 Staying no longer question.
NORTHUMBERLAND Ha! Again:
 Said he young Harry Percy's spur was cold?
 Of Hotspur Coldspur? that rebellion
 Had met ill luck?
LORD BARDOLPH My lord, I'll tell you what;
 If my young lord your son have not the day,
 Upon mine honour, for a silken point
 I'll give my barony: never talk of it.
NORTHUMBERLAND Why should that gentleman that rode by Travers
 Give then such instances of loss?
LORD BARDOLPH Who, he?
 He was some hilding fellow that had stolen
 The horse he rode on, and, upon my life,
 Spoke at a venture. Look, here comes more news.
NORTHUMBERLAND Yea, this man's brow, like to a titleleaf,
 Foretells the nature of a tragic volume:
 So looks the strand whereon the imperious flood
 Hath left a witness'd usurpation.
 Say, Morton, didst thou come from Shrewsbury?
MORTON I ran from Shrewsbury, my noble lord;
 Where hateful death put on his ugliest mask
 To fright our party.
NORTHUMBERLAND How doth my son and brother?
 Thou tremblest; and the whiteness in thy cheek
 Is apter than thy tongue to tell thy errand.
 Even such a man, so faint, so spiritless,
 So dull, so dead in look, so woebegone,
 Drew Priam's curtain in the dead of night,
 And would have told him half his Troy was burnt;
 But Priam found the fire ere he his tongue,
 And I my Percy's death ere thou report'st it.
 This thou wouldst say, 'Your son did thus and thus;
 Your brother thus: so fought the noble Douglas:'
 Stopping my greedy ear with their bold deeds:
 But in the end, to stop my ear indeed,
 Thou hast a sigh to blow away this praise,
 Ending with 'Brother, son, and all are dead.'
MORTON Douglas is living, and your brother, yet;
 But, for my lord your son
NORTHUMBERLAND Why, he is dead.
 See what a ready tongue suspicion hath!
 He that but fears the thing he would not know
 Hath by instinct knowledge from others' eyes
 That what he fear'd is chanced. Yet speak, Morton;
 Tell thou an earl his divination lies,
 And I will take it as a sweet disgrace
 And make thee rich for doing me such wrong.
MORTON You are too great to be by me gainsaid:
 Your spirit is too true, your fears too certain.
NORTHUMBERLAND Yet, for all this, say not that Percy's dead.
 I see a strange confession in thine eye:
 Thou shakest thy head and hold'st it fear or sin
 To speak a truth. If he be slain, say so;
 The tongue offends not that reports his death:
 And he doth sin that doth belie the dead,
 Not he which says the dead is not alive.
 Yet the first bringer of unwelcome news
 Hath but a losing office, and his tongue
 Sounds ever after as a sullen bell,
 Remember'd tolling a departing friend.
LORD BARDOLPH I cannot think, my lord, your son is dead.
MORTON I am sorry I should force you to believe
 That which I would to God I had not seen;
 But these mine eyes saw him in bloody state,
 Rendering faint quittance, wearied and outbreathed,
 To Harry Monmouth; whose swift wrath beat down
 The neverdaunted Percy to the earth,
 From whence with life he never more sprung up.
 In few, his death, whose spirit lent a fire
 Even to the dullest peasant in his camp,
 Being bruited once, took fire and heat away
 From the best temper'd courage in his troops;
 For from his metal was his party steel'd;
 Which once in him abated, all the rest
 Turn'd on themselves, like dull and heavy lead:
 And as the thing that's heavy in itself,
 Upon enforcement flies with greatest speed,
 So did our men, heavy in Hotspur's loss,
 Lend to this weight such lightness with their fear
 That arrows fled not swifter toward their aim
 Than did our soldiers, aiming at their safety,
 Fly from the field. Then was the noble Worcester
 Too soon ta'en prisoner; and that furious Scot,
 The bloody Douglas, whose welllabouring sword
 Had three times slain the appearance of the king,
 'Gan vail his stomach and did grace the shame
 Of those that turn'd their backs, and in his flight,
 Stumbling in fear, was took. The sum of all
 Is that the king hath won, and hath sent out
 A speedy power to encounter you, my lord,
 Under the conduct of young Lancaster
 And Westmoreland. This is the news at full.
NORTHUMBERLAND For this I shall have time enough to mourn.
 In poison there is physic; and these news,
 Having been well, that would have made me sick,
 Being sick, have in some measure made me well:
 And as the wretch, whose feverweaken'd joints,
 Like strengthless hinges, buckle under life,
 Impatient of his fit, breaks like a fire
 Out of his keeper's arms, even so my limbs,
 Weaken'd with grief, being now enraged with grief,
 Are thrice themselves. Hence, therefore, thou nice crutch!
 A scaly gauntlet now with joints of steel
 Must glove this hand: and hence, thou sickly quoif!
 Thou art a guard too wanton for the head
 Which princes, flesh'd with conquest, aim to hit.
 Now bind my brows with iron; and approach
 The ragged'st hour that time and spite dare bring
 To frown upon the enraged Northumberland!
 Let heaven kiss earth! now let not Nature's hand
 Keep the wild flood confined! let order die!
 And let this world no longer be a stage
 To feed contention in a lingering act;
 But let one spirit of the firstborn Cain
 Reign in all bosoms, that, each heart being set
 On bloody courses, the rude scene may end,
 And darkness be the burier of the dead!
TRAVERS This strained passion doth you wrong, my lord.
LORD BARDOLPH Sweet earl, divorce not wisdom from your honour.
MORTON The lives of all your loving complices
 Lean on your health; the which, if you give o'er
 To stormy passion, must perforce decay.
 You cast the event of war, my noble lord,
 And summ'd the account of chance, before you said
 'Let us make head.' It was your presurmise,
 That, in the dole of blows, your son might drop:
 You knew he walk'd o'er perils, on an edge,
 More likely to fall in than to get o'er;
 You were advised his flesh was capable
 Of wounds and scars and that his forward spirit
 Would lift him where most trade of danger ranged:
 Yet did you say 'Go forth;' and none of this,
 Though strongly apprehended, could restrain
 The stiffborne action: what hath then befallen,
 Or what hath this bold enterprise brought forth,
 More than that being which was like to be?
LORD BARDOLPH We all that are engaged to this loss
 Knew that we ventured on such dangerous seas
 That if we wrought our life 'twas ten to one;
 And yet we ventured, for the gain proposed
 Choked the respect of likely peril fear'd;
 And since we are o'erset, venture again.
 Come, we will all put forth, body and goods.
MORTON 'Tis more than time: and, my most noble lord,
 I hear for certain, and do speak the truth,
 The gentle Archbishop of York is up
 With wellappointed powers: he is a man
 Who with a double surety binds his followers.
 My lord your son had only but the corpse,
 But shadows and the shows of men, to fight;
 For that same word, rebellion, did divide
 The action of their bodies from their souls;
 And they did fight with queasiness, constrain'd,
 As men drink potions, that their weapons only
 Seem'd on our side; but, for their spirits and souls,
 This word, rebellion, it had froze them up,
 As fish are in a pond. But now the bishop
 Turns insurrection to religion:
 Supposed sincere and holy in his thoughts,
 He's followed both with body and with mind;
 And doth enlarge his rising with the blood
 Of fair King Richard, scraped from Pomfret stones;
 Derives from heaven his quarrel and his cause;
 Tells them he doth bestride a bleeding land,
 Gasping for life under great Bolingbroke;
 And more and less do flock to follow him.
NORTHUMBERLAND I knew of this before; but, to speak truth,
 This present grief had wiped it from my mind.
 Go in with me; and counsel every man
 The aptest way for safety and revenge:
 Get posts and letters, and make friends with speed:
 Never so few, and never yet more need.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter FALSTAFF, with his Page bearing his sword
FALSTAFF Sirrah, you giant, what says the doctor to my water?
Page He said, sir, the water itself was a good healthy
 water; but, for the party that owed it, he might
 have more diseases than he knew for.
FALSTAFF Men of all sorts take a pride to gird at me: the
 brain of this foolishcompounded clay, man, is not
 able to invent anything that tends to laughter, more
 than I invent or is invented on me: I am not only
 witty in myself, but the cause that wit is in other
 men. I do here walk before thee like a sow that
 hath overwhelmed all her litter but one. If the
 prince put thee into my service for any other reason
 than to set me off, why then I have no judgment.
 Thou whoreson mandrake, thou art fitter to be worn
 in my cap than to wait at my heels. I was never
 manned with an agate till now: but I will inset you
 neither in gold nor silver, but in vile apparel, and
 send you back again to your master, for a jewel,
 the juvenal, the prince your master, whose chin is
 not yet fledged. I will sooner have a beard grow in
 the palm of my hand than he shall get one on his
 cheek; and yet he will not stick to say his face is
 a faceroyal: God may finish it when he will, 'tis
 not a hair amiss yet: he may keep it still at a
 faceroyal, for a barber shall never earn sixpence
 out of it; and yet he'll be crowing as if he had
 writ man ever since his father was a bachelor. He
 may keep his own grace, but he's almost out of mine,
 I can assure him. What said Master Dombledon about
 the satin for my short cloak and my slops?
Page He said, sir, you should procure him better
 assurance than Bardolph: he would not take his
 band and yours; he liked not the security.
FALSTAFF Let him be damned, like the glutton! pray God his
 tongue be hotter! A whoreson Achitophel! a rascally
 yeaforsooth knave! to bear a gentleman in hand,
 and then stand upon security! The whoreson
 smoothpates do now wear nothing but high shoes, and
 bunches of keys at their girdles; and if a man is
 through with them in honest taking up, then they
 must stand upon security. I had as lief they would
 put ratsbane in my mouth as offer to stop it with
 security. I looked a' should have sent me two and
 twenty yards of satin, as I am a true knight, and he
 sends me security. Well, he may sleep in security;
 for he hath the horn of abundance, and the lightness
 of his wife shines through it: and yet cannot he
 see, though he have his own lanthorn to light him.
 Where's Bardolph?
Page He's gone into Smithfield to buy your worship a horse.
FALSTAFF I bought him in Paul's, and he'll buy me a horse in
 Smithfield: an I could get me but a wife in the
 stews, I were manned, horsed, and wived.
Page Sir, here comes the nobleman that committed the
 Prince for striking him about Bardolph.
FALSTAFF Wait, close; I will not see him.
Lord ChiefJustice What's he that goes there?
Servant Falstaff, an't please your lordship.
Lord ChiefJustice He that was in question for the robbery?
Servant He, my lord: but he hath since done good service at
 Shrewsbury; and, as I hear, is now going with some
 charge to the Lord John of Lancaster.
Lord ChiefJustice What, to York? Call him back again.
Servant Sir John Falstaff!
FALSTAFF Boy, tell him I am deaf.
Page You must speak louder; my master is deaf.
Lord ChiefJustice I am sure he is, to the hearing of any thing good.
 Go, pluck him by the elbow; I must speak with him.
Servant Sir John!
FALSTAFF What! a young knave, and begging! Is there not
 wars? is there not employment? doth not the king
 lack subjects? do not the rebels need soldiers?
 Though it be a shame to be on any side but one, it
 is worse shame to beg than to be on the worst side,
 were it worse than the name of rebellion can tell
 how to make it.
Servant You mistake me, sir.
FALSTAFF Why, sir, did I say you were an honest man? setting
 my knighthood and my soldiership aside, I had lied
 in my throat, if I had said so.
Servant I pray you, sir, then set your knighthood and our
 soldiership aside; and give me leave to tell you,
 you lie in your throat, if you say I am any other
 than an honest man.
FALSTAFF I give thee leave to tell me so! I lay aside that
 which grows to me! if thou gettest any leave of me,
 hang me; if thou takest leave, thou wert better be
 hanged. You hunt counter: hence! avaunt!
Servant Sir, my lord would speak with you.
Lord ChiefJustice Sir John Falstaff, a word with you.
FALSTAFF My good lord! God give your lordship good time of
 day. I am glad to see your lordship abroad: I heard
 say your lordship was sick: I hope your lordship
 goes abroad by advice. Your lordship, though not
 clean past your youth, hath yet some smack of age in
 you, some relish of the saltness of time; and I must
 humbly beseech your lordship to have a reverent care
 of your health.
Lord ChiefJustice Sir John, I sent for you before your expedition to
 Shrewsbury.
FALSTAFF An't please your lordship, I hear his majesty is
 returned with some discomfort from Wales.
Lord ChiefJustice I talk not of his majesty: you would not come when
 I sent for you.
FALSTAFF And I hear, moreover, his highness is fallen into
 this same whoreson apoplexy.
Lord ChiefJustice Well, God mend him! I pray you, let me speak with
 you.
FALSTAFF This apoplexy is, as I take it, a kind of lethargy,
 an't please your lordship; a kind of sleeping in the
 blood, a whoreson tingling.
Lord ChiefJustice What tell you me of it? be it as it is.
FALSTAFF It hath its original from much grief, from study and
 perturbation of the brain: I have read the cause of
 his effects in Galen: it is a kind of deafness.
Lord ChiefJustice I think you are fallen into the disease; for you
 hear not what I say to you.
FALSTAFF Very well, my lord, very well: rather, an't please
 you, it is the disease of not listening, the malady
 of not marking, that I am troubled withal.
Lord ChiefJustice To punish you by the heels would amend the
 attention of your ears; and I care not if I do
 become your physician.
FALSTAFF I am as poor as Job, my lord, but not so patient:
 your lordship may minister the potion of
 imprisonment to me in respect of poverty; but how
 should I be your patient to follow your
 prescriptions, the wise may make some dram of a
 scruple, or indeed a scruple itself.
Lord ChiefJustice I sent for you, when there were matters against you
 for your life, to come speak with me.
FALSTAFF As I was then advised by my learned counsel in the
 laws of this landservice, I did not come.
Lord ChiefJustice Well, the truth is, Sir John, you live in great infamy.
FALSTAFF He that buckles him in my belt cannot live in less.
Lord ChiefJustice Your means are very slender, and your waste is great.
FALSTAFF I would it were otherwise; I would my means were
 greater, and my waist slenderer.
Lord ChiefJustice You have misled the youthful prince.
FALSTAFF The young prince hath misled me: I am the fellow
 with the great belly, and he my dog.
Lord ChiefJustice Well, I am loath to gall a newhealed wound: your
 day's service at Shrewsbury hath a little gilded
 over your night's exploit on Gad'shill: you may
 thank the unquiet time for your quiet o'erposting
 that action.
FALSTAFF My lord?
Lord ChiefJustice But since all is well, keep it so: wake not a
 sleeping wolf.
FALSTAFF To wake a wolf is as bad as to smell a fox.
Lord ChiefJustice What! you are as a candle, the better part burnt
 out.
FALSTAFF A wassail candle, my lord, all tallow: if I did say
 of wax, my growth would approve the truth.
Lord ChiefJustice There is not a white hair on your face but should
 have his effect of gravity.
FALSTAFF His effect of gravy, gravy, gravy.
Lord ChiefJustice You follow the young prince up and down, like his
 ill angel.
FALSTAFF Not so, my lord; your ill angel is light; but I hope
 he that looks upon me will take me without weighing:
 and yet, in some respects, I grant, I cannot go: I
 cannot tell. Virtue is of so little regard in these
 costermonger times that true valour is turned
 bearherd: pregnancy is made a tapster, and hath
 his quick wit wasted in giving reckonings: all the
 other gifts appertinent to man, as the malice of
 this age shapes them, are not worth a gooseberry.
 You that are old consider not the capacities of us
 that are young; you do measure the heat of our
 livers with the bitterness of your galls: and we
 that are in the vaward of our youth, I must confess,
 are wags too.
Lord ChiefJustice Do you set down your name in the scroll of youth,
 that are written down old with all the characters of
 age? Have you not a moist eye? a dry hand? a
 yellow cheek? a white beard? a decreasing leg? an
 increasing belly? is not your voice broken? your
 wind short? your chin double? your wit single? and
 every part about you blasted with antiquity? and
 will you yet call yourself young? Fie, fie, fie, Sir John!
FALSTAFF My lord, I was born about three of the clock in the
 afternoon, with a white head and something a round
 belly. For my voice, I have lost it with halloing
 and singing of anthems. To approve my youth
 further, I will not: the truth is, I am only old in
 judgment and understanding; and he that will caper
 with me for a thousand marks, let him lend me the
 money, and have at him! For the box of the ear that
 the prince gave you, he gave it like a rude prince,
 and you took it like a sensible lord. I have
 chequed him for it, and the young lion repents;
 marry, not in ashes and sackcloth, but in new silk
 and old sack.
Lord ChiefJustice Well, God send the prince a better companion!
FALSTAFF God send the companion a better prince! I cannot
 rid my hands of him.
Lord ChiefJustice Well, the king hath severed you and Prince Harry: I
 hear you are going with Lord John of Lancaster
 against the Archbishop and the Earl of
 Northumberland.
FALSTAFF Yea; I thank your pretty sweet wit for it. But look
 you pray, all you that kiss my lady Peace at home,
 that our armies join not in a hot day; for, by the
 Lord, I take but two shirts out with me, and I mean
 not to sweat extraordinarily: if it be a hot day,
 and I brandish any thing but a bottle, I would I
 might never spit white again. There is not a
 dangerous action can peep out his head but I am
 thrust upon it: well, I cannot last ever: but it
 was alway yet the trick of our English nation, if
 they have a good thing, to make it too common. If
 ye will needs say I am an old man, you should give
 me rest. I would to God my name were not so
 terrible to the enemy as it is: I were better to be
 eaten to death with a rust than to be scoured to
 nothing with perpetual motion.
Lord ChiefJustice Well, be honest, be honest; and God bless your
 expedition!
FALSTAFF Will your lordship lend me a thousand pound to
 furnish me forth?
Lord ChiefJustice Not a penny, not a penny; you are too impatient to
 bear crosses. Fare you well: commend me to my
 cousin Westmoreland.
FALSTAFF If I do, fillip me with a threeman beetle. A man
 can no more separate age and covetousness than a'
 can part young limbs and lechery: but the gout
 galls the one, and the pox pinches the other; and
 so both the degrees prevent my curses. Boy!
Page Sir?
FALSTAFF What money is in my purse?
Page Seven groats and two pence.
FALSTAFF I can get no remedy against this consumption of the
 purse: borrowing only lingers and lingers it out,
 but the disease is incurable. Go bear this letter
 to my Lord of Lancaster; this to the prince; this
 to the Earl of Westmoreland; and this to old
 Mistress Ursula, whom I have weekly sworn to marry
 since I perceived the first white hair on my chin.
 About it: you know where to find me.
 A pox of this gout! or, a gout of this pox! for
 the one or the other plays the rogue with my great
 toe. 'Tis no matter if I do halt; I have the wars
 for my colour, and my pension shall seem the more
 reasonable. A good wit will make use of any thing:
 I will turn diseases to commodity.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter the ARCHBISHOP OF YORK, the Lords HASTINGS,
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Thus have you heard our cause and known our means;
 And, my most noble friends, I pray you all,
 Speak plainly your opinions of our hopes:
 And first, lord marshal, what say you to it?
MOWBRAY I well allow the occasion of our arms;
 But gladly would be better satisfied
 How in our means we should advance ourselves
 To look with forehead bold and big enough
 Upon the power and puissance of the king.
HASTINGS Our present musters grow upon the file
 To five and twenty thousand men of choice;
 And our supplies live largely in the hope
 Of great Northumberland, whose bosom burns
 With an incensed fire of injuries.
LORD BARDOLPH The question then, Lord Hastings, standeth thus;
 Whether our present five and twenty thousand
 May hold up head without Northumberland?
HASTINGS With him, we may.
LORD BARDOLPH Yea, marry, there's the point:
 But if without him we be thought too feeble,
 My judgment is, we should not step too far
 Till we had his assistance by the hand;
 For in a theme so bloodyfaced as this
 Conjecture, expectation, and surmise
 Of aids incertain should not be admitted.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK 'Tis very true, Lord Bardolph; for indeed
 It was young Hotspur's case at Shrewsbury.
LORD BARDOLPH It was, my lord; who lined himself with hope,
 Eating the air on promise of supply,
 Flattering himself in project of a power
 Much smaller than the smallest of his thoughts:
 And so, with great imagination
 Proper to madmen, led his powers to death
 And winking leap'd into destruction.
HASTINGS But, by your leave, it never yet did hurt
 To lay down likelihoods and forms of hope.
LORD BARDOLPH Yes, if this present quality of war,
 Indeed the instant action: a cause on foot
 Lives so in hope as in an early spring
 We see the appearing buds; which to prove fruit,
 Hope gives not so much warrant as despair
 That frosts will bite them. When we mean to build,
 We first survey the plot, then draw the model;
 And when we see the figure of the house,
 Then must we rate the cost of the erection;
 Which if we find outweighs ability,
 What do we then but draw anew the model
 In fewer offices, or at last desist
 To build at all? Much more, in this great work,
 Which is almost to pluck a kingdom down
 And set another up, should we survey
 The plot of situation and the model,
 Consent upon a sure foundation,
 Question surveyors, know our own estate,
 How able such a work to undergo,
 To weigh against his opposite; or else
 We fortify in paper and in figures,
 Using the names of men instead of men:
 Like one that draws the model of a house
 Beyond his power to build it; who, half through,
 Gives o'er and leaves his partcreated cost
 A naked subject to the weeping clouds
 And waste for churlish winter's tyranny.
HASTINGS Grant that our hopes, yet likely of fair birth,
 Should be stillborn, and that we now possess'd
 The utmost man of expectation,
 I think we are a body strong enough,
 Even as we are, to equal with the king.
LORD BARDOLPH What, is the king but five and twenty thousand?
HASTINGS To us no more; nay, not so much, Lord Bardolph.
 For his divisions, as the times do brawl,
 Are in three heads: one power against the French,
 And one against Glendower; perforce a third
 Must take up us: so is the unfirm king
 In three divided; and his coffers sound
 With hollow poverty and emptiness.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK That he should draw his several strengths together
 And come against us in full puissance,
 Need not be dreaded.
HASTINGS If he should do so,
 He leaves his back unarm'd, the French and Welsh
 Baying him at the heels: never fear that.
LORD BARDOLPH Who is it like should lead his forces hither?
HASTINGS The Duke of Lancaster and Westmoreland;
 Against the Welsh, himself and Harry Monmouth:
 But who is substituted 'gainst the French,
 I have no certain notice.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Let us on,
 And publish the occasion of our arms.
 The commonwealth is sick of their own choice;
 Their overgreedy love hath surfeited:
 An habitation giddy and unsure
 Hath he that buildeth on the vulgar heart.
 O thou fond many, with what loud applause
 Didst thou beat heaven with blessing Bolingbroke,
 Before he was what thou wouldst have him be!
 And being now trimm'd in thine own desires,
 Thou, beastly feeder, art so full of him,
 That thou provokest thyself to cast him up.
 So, so, thou common dog, didst thou disgorge
 Thy glutton bosom of the royal Richard;
 And now thou wouldst eat thy dead vomit up,
 And howl'st to find it. What trust is in
 these times?
 They that, when Richard lived, would have him die,
 Are now become enamour'd on his grave:
 Thou, that threw'st dust upon his goodly head
 When through proud London he came sighing on
 After the admired heels of Bolingbroke,
 Criest now 'O earth, yield us that king again,
 And take thou this!' O thoughts of men accursed!
 Past and to come seems best; things present worst.
MOWBRAY Shall we go draw our numbers and set on?
HASTINGS We are time's subjects, and time bids be gone.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter MISTRESS QUICKLY, FANG and his Boy with her,
 and SNARE following.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Master Fang, have you entered the action?
FANG It is entered.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Where's your yeoman? Is't a lusty yeoman? will a'
 stand to 't?
FANG Sirrah, where's Snare?
MISTRESS QUICKLY O Lord, ay! good Master Snare.
SNARE Here, here.
FANG Snare, we must arrest Sir John Falstaff.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Yea, good Master Snare; I have entered him and all.
SNARE It may chance cost some of us our lives, for he will stab.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Alas the day! take heed of him; he stabbed me in
 mine own house, and that most beastly: in good
 faith, he cares not what mischief he does. If his
 weapon be out: he will foin like any devil; he will
 spare neither man, woman, nor child.
FANG If I can close with him, I care not for his thrust.
MISTRESS QUICKLY No, nor I neither: I'll be at your elbow.
FANG An I but fist him once; an a' come but within my vice,
MISTRESS QUICKLY I am undone by his going; I warrant you, he's an
 infinitive thing upon my score. Good Master Fang,
 hold him sure: good Master Snare, let him not
 'scape. A' comes continuantly to Piecornersaving
 your manhoodsto buy a saddle; and he is indited to
 dinner to the Lubber'shead in Lumbert street, to
 Master Smooth's the silkman: I pray ye, since my
 exion is entered and my case so openly known to the
 world, let him be brought in to his answer. A
 hundred mark is a long one for a poor lone woman to
 bear: and I have borne, and borne, and borne, and
 have been fubbed off, and fubbed off, and fubbed
 off, from this day to that day, that it is a shame
 to be thought on. There is no honesty in such
 dealing; unless a woman should be made an ass and a
 beast, to bear every knave's wrong. Yonder he
 comes; and that errant malmseynose knave, Bardolph,
 with him. Do your offices, do your offices: Master
 Fang and Master Snare, do me, do me, do me your offices.
FALSTAFF How now! whose mare's dead? what's the matter?
FANG Sir John, I arrest you at the suit of Mistress Quickly.
FALSTAFF Away, varlets! Draw, Bardolph: cut me off the
 villain's head: throw the quean in the channel.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Throw me in the channel! I'll throw thee in the
 channel. Wilt thou? wilt thou? thou bastardly
 rogue! Murder, murder! Ah, thou honeysuckle
 villain! wilt thou kill God's officers and the
 king's? Ah, thou honeyseed rogue! thou art a
 honeyseed, a manqueller, and a womanqueller.
FALSTAFF Keep them off, Bardolph.
FANG A rescue! a rescue!
MISTRESS QUICKLY Good people, bring a rescue or two. Thou wo't, wo't
 thou? Thou wo't, wo't ta? do, do, thou rogue! do,
 thou hempseed!
FALSTAFF Away, you scullion! you rampallion! You
 fustilarian! I'll tickle your catastrophe.
Lord ChiefJustice What is the matter? keep the peace here, ho!
MISTRESS QUICKLY Good my lord, be good to me. I beseech you, stand to me.
Lord ChiefJustice How now, Sir John! what are you brawling here?
 Doth this become your place, your time and business?
 You should have been well on your way to York.
 Stand from him, fellow: wherefore hang'st upon him?
MISTRESS QUICKLY O most worshipful lord, an't please your grace, I am
 a poor widow of Eastcheap, and he is arrested at my suit.
Lord ChiefJustice For what sum?
MISTRESS QUICKLY It is more than for some, my lord; it is for all,
 all I have. He hath eaten me out of house and home;
 he hath put all my substance into that fat belly of
 his: but I will have some of it out again, or I
 will ride thee o' nights like the mare.
FALSTAFF I think I am as like to ride the mare, if I have
 any vantage of ground to get up.
Lord ChiefJustice How comes this, Sir John? Fie! what man of good
 temper would endure this tempest of exclamation?
 Are you not ashamed to enforce a poor widow to so
 rough a course to come by her own?
FALSTAFF What is the gross sum that I owe thee?
MISTRESS QUICKLY Marry, if thou wert an honest man, thyself and the
 money too. Thou didst swear to me upon a
 parcelgilt goblet, sitting in my Dolphinchamber,
 at the round table, by a seacoal fire, upon
 Wednesday in Wheeson week, when the prince broke
 thy head for liking his father to a singingman of
 Windsor, thou didst swear to me then, as I was
 washing thy wound, to marry me and make me my lady
 thy wife. Canst thou deny it? Did not goodwife
 Keech, the butcher's wife, come in then and call me
 gossip Quickly? coming in to borrow a mess of
 vinegar; telling us she had a good dish of prawns;
 whereby thou didst desire to eat some; whereby I
 told thee they were ill for a green wound? And
 didst thou not, when she was gone down stairs,
 desire me to be no more so familiarity with such
 poor people; saying that ere long they should call
 me madam? And didst thou not kiss me and bid me
 fetch thee thirty shillings? I put thee now to thy
 bookoath: deny it, if thou canst.
FALSTAFF My lord, this is a poor mad soul; and she says up
 and down the town that the eldest son is like you:
 she hath been in good case, and the truth is,
 poverty hath distracted her. But for these foolish
 officers, I beseech you I may have redress against them.
Lord ChiefJustice Sir John, Sir John, I am well acquainted with your
 manner of wrenching the true cause the false way. It
 is not a confident brow, nor the throng of words
 that come with such more than impudent sauciness
 from you, can thrust me from a level consideration:
 you have, as it appears to me, practised upon the
 easyyielding spirit of this woman, and made her
 serve your uses both in purse and in person.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Yea, in truth, my lord.
Lord ChiefJustice Pray thee, peace. Pay her the debt you owe her, and
 unpay the villany you have done her: the one you
 may do with sterling money, and the other with
 current repentance.
FALSTAFF My lord, I will not undergo this sneap without
 reply. You call honourable boldness impudent
 sauciness: if a man will make courtesy and say
 nothing, he is virtuous: no, my lord, my humble
 duty remembered, I will not be your suitor. I say
 to you, I do desire deliverance from these officers,
 being upon hasty employment in the king's affairs.
Lord ChiefJustice You speak as having power to do wrong: but answer
 in the effect of your reputation, and satisfy this
 poor woman.
FALSTAFF Come hither, hostess.
Lord ChiefJustice Now, Master Gower, what news?
GOWER The king, my lord, and Harry Prince of Wales
 Are near at hand: the rest the paper tells.
FALSTAFF As I am a gentleman.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Faith, you said so before.
FALSTAFF As I am a gentleman. Come, no more words of it.
MISTRESS QUICKLY By this heavenly ground I tread on, I must be fain
 to pawn both my plate and the tapestry of my
 diningchambers.
FALSTAFF Glasses, glasses is the only drinking: and for thy
 walls, a pretty slight drollery, or the story of
 the Prodigal, or the German hunting in waterwork,
 is worth a thousand of these bedhangings and these
 flybitten tapestries. Let it be ten pound, if thou
 canst. Come, an 'twere not for thy humours, there's
 not a better wench in England. Go, wash thy face,
 and draw the action. Come, thou must not be in
 this humour with me; dost not know me? come, come, I
 know thou wast set on to this.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Pray thee, Sir John, let it be but twenty nobles: i'
 faith, I am loath to pawn my plate, so God save me,
 la!
FALSTAFF Let it alone; I'll make other shift: you'll be a
 fool still.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Well, you shall have it, though I pawn my gown. I
 hope you'll come to supper. You'll pay me all together?
FALSTAFF Will I live?
 Go, with her, with her; hook on, hook on.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Will you have Doll Tearsheet meet you at supper?
FALSTAFF No more words; let's have her.
Lord ChiefJustice I have heard better news.
FALSTAFF What's the news, my lord?
Lord ChiefJustice Where lay the king last night?
GOWER At Basingstoke, my lord.
FALSTAFF I hope, my lord, all's well: what is the news, my lord?
Lord ChiefJustice Come all his forces back?
GOWER No; fifteen hundred foot, five hundred horse,
 Are marched up to my lord of Lancaster,
 Against Northumberland and the Archbishop.
FALSTAFF Comes the king back from Wales, my noble lord?
Lord ChiefJustice You shall have letters of me presently:
 Come, go along with me, good Master Gower.
FALSTAFF My lord!
Lord ChiefJustice What's the matter?
FALSTAFF Master Gower, shall I entreat you with me to dinner?
GOWER I must wait upon my good lord here; I thank you,
 good Sir John.
Lord ChiefJustice Sir John, you loiter here too long, being you are to
 take soldiers up in counties as you go.
FALSTAFF Will you sup with me, Master Gower?
Lord ChiefJustice What foolish master taught you these manners, Sir John?
FALSTAFF Master Gower, if they become me not, he was a fool
 that taught them me. This is the right fencing
 grace, my lord; tap for tap, and so part fair.
Lord ChiefJustice Now the Lord lighten thee! thou art a great fool.
 2 KING HENRY IV
PRINCE HENRY Before God, I am exceeding weary.
POINS Is't come to that? I had thought weariness durst not
 have attached one of so high blood.
PRINCE HENRY Faith, it does me; though it discolours the
 complexion of my greatness to acknowledge it. Doth
 it not show vilely in me to desire small beer?
POINS Why, a prince should not be so loosely studied as
 to remember so weak a composition.
PRINCE HENRY Belike then my appetite was not princely got; for,
 by my troth, I do now remember the poor creature,
 small beer. But, indeed, these humble
 considerations make me out of love with my
 greatness. What a disgrace is it to me to remember
 thy name! or to know thy face tomorrow! or to
 take note how many pair of silk stockings thou
 hast, viz. these, and those that were thy
 peachcoloured ones! or to bear the inventory of thy
 shirts, as, one for superfluity, and another for
 use! But that the tenniscourtkeeper knows better
 than I; for it is a low ebb of linen with thee when
 thou keepest not racket there; as thou hast not done
 a great while, because the rest of thy low
 countries have made a shift to eat up thy holland:
 and God knows, whether those that bawl out the ruins
 of thy linen shall inherit his kingdom: but the
 midwives say the children are not in the fault;
 whereupon the world increases, and kindreds are
 mightily strengthened.
POINS How ill it follows, after you have laboured so hard,
 you should talk so idly! Tell me, how many good
 young princes would do so, their fathers being so
 sick as yours at this time is?
PRINCE HENRY Shall I tell thee one thing, Poins?
POINS Yes, faith; and let it be an excellent good thing.
PRINCE HENRY It shall serve among wits of no higher breeding than thine.
POINS Go to; I stand the push of your one thing that you
 will tell.
PRINCE HENRY Marry, I tell thee, it is not meet that I should be
 sad, now my father is sick: albeit I could tell
 thee, as to one it pleases me, for fault of a
 better, to call my friend, I could be sad, and sad
 indeed too.
POINS Very hardly upon such a subject.
PRINCE HENRY By this hand thou thinkest me as far in the devil's
 book as thou and Falstaff for obduracy and
 persistency: let the end try the man. But I tell
 thee, my heart bleeds inwardly that my father is so
 sick: and keeping such vile company as thou art
 hath in reason taken from me all ostentation of sorrow.
POINS The reason?
PRINCE HENRY What wouldst thou think of me, if I should weep?
POINS I would think thee a most princely hypocrite.
PRINCE HENRY It would be every man's thought; and thou art a
 blessed fellow to think as every man thinks: never
 a man's thought in the world keeps the roadway
 better than thine: every man would think me an
 hypocrite indeed. And what accites your most
 worshipful thought to think so?
POINS Why, because you have been so lewd and so much
 engraffed to Falstaff.
PRINCE HENRY And to thee.
POINS By this light, I am well spoke on; I can hear it
 with my own ears: the worst that they can say of
 me is that I am a second brother and that I am a
 proper fellow of my hands; and those two things, I
 confess, I cannot help. By the mass, here comes Bardolph.
PRINCE HENRY And the boy that I gave Falstaff: a' had him from
 me Christian; and look, if the fat villain have not
 transformed him ape.
BARDOLPH God save your grace!
PRINCE HENRY And yours, most noble Bardolph!
BARDOLPH Come, you virtuous ass, you bashful fool, must you
 be blushing? wherefore blush you now? What a
 maidenly manatarms are you become! Is't such a
 matter to get a pottlepot's maidenhead?
Page A' calls me e'en now, my lord, through a red
 lattice, and I could discern no part of his face
 from the window: at last I spied his eyes, and
 methought he had made two holes in the alewife's
 new petticoat and so peeped through.
PRINCE HENRY Has not the boy profited?
BARDOLPH Away, you whoreson upright rabbit, away!
Page Away, you rascally Althaea's dream, away!
PRINCE HENRY Instruct us, boy; what dream, boy?
Page Marry, my lord, Althaea dreamed she was delivered
 of a firebrand; and therefore I call him her dream.
PRINCE HENRY A crown's worth of good interpretation: there 'tis,
 boy.
POINS O, that this good blossom could be kept from
 cankers! Well, there is sixpence to preserve thee.
BARDOLPH An you do not make him hanged among you, the
 gallows shall have wrong.
PRINCE HENRY And how doth thy master, Bardolph?
BARDOLPH Well, my lord. He heard of your grace's coming to
 town: there's a letter for you.
POINS Delivered with good respect. And how doth the
 martlemas, your master?
BARDOLPH In bodily health, sir.
POINS Marry, the immortal part needs a physician; but
 that moves not him: though that be sick, it dies
 not.
PRINCE HENRY I do allow this wen to be as familiar with me as my
 dog; and he holds his place; for look you how be writes.
 'John Falstaff, knight,'every man must
 know that, as oft as he has occasion to name
 himself: even like those that are kin to the king;
 for they never prick their finger but they say,
 'There's some of the king's blood spilt.' 'How
 comes that?' says he, that takes upon him not to
 conceive. The answer is as ready as a borrower's
 cap, 'I am the king's poor cousin, sir.'
PRINCE HENRY Nay, they will be kin to us, or they will fetch it
 from Japhet. But to the letter.
 'Sir John Falstaff, knight, to the son of
 the king, nearest his father, Harry Prince of
 Wales, greeting.' Why, this is a certificate.
PRINCE HENRY Peace!
 'I will imitate the honourable Romans in
 brevity:' he sure means brevity in breath,
 shortwinded. 'I commend me to thee, I commend
 thee, and I leave thee. Be not too familiar with
 Poins; for he misuses thy favours so much, that he
 swears thou art to marry his sister Nell. Repent
 at idle times as thou mayest; and so, farewell.
 Thine, by yea and no, which is as much as to
 say, as thou usest him, JACK FALSTAFF with my
 familiars, JOHN with my brothers and sisters,
 and SIR JOHN with all Europe.'
 My lord, I'll steep this letter in sack and make him eat it.
PRINCE HENRY That's to make him eat twenty of his words. But do
 you use me thus, Ned? must I marry your sister?
POINS God send the wench no worse fortune! But I never said so.
PRINCE HENRY Well, thus we play the fools with the time, and the
 spirits of the wise sit in the clouds and mock us.
 Is your master here in London?
BARDOLPH Yea, my lord.
PRINCE HENRY Where sups he? doth the old boar feed in the old frank?
BARDOLPH At the old place, my lord, in Eastcheap.
PRINCE HENRY What company?
Page Ephesians, my lord, of the old church.
PRINCE HENRY Sup any women with him?
Page None, my lord, but old Mistress Quickly and
 Mistress Doll Tearsheet.
PRINCE HENRY What pagan may that be?
Page A proper gentlewoman, sir, and a kinswoman of my master's.
PRINCE HENRY Even such kin as the parish heifers are to the town
 bull. Shall we steal upon them, Ned, at supper?
POINS I am your shadow, my lord; I'll follow you.
PRINCE HENRY Sirrah, you boy, and Bardolph, no word to your
 master that I am yet come to town: there's for
 your silence.
BARDOLPH I have no tongue, sir.
Page And for mine, sir, I will govern it.
PRINCE HENRY Fare you well; go.
 This Doll Tearsheet should be some road.
POINS I warrant you, as common as the way between Saint
 Alban's and London.
PRINCE HENRY How might we see Falstaff bestow himself tonight
 in his true colours, and not ourselves be seen?
POINS Put on two leathern jerkins and aprons, and wait
 upon him at his table as drawers.
PRINCE HENRY From a God to a bull? a heavy decension! it was
 Jove's case. From a prince to a prentice? a low
 transformation! that shall be mine; for in every
 thing the purpose must weigh with the folly.
 Follow me, Ned.
 2 KING HENRY IV
NORTHUMBERLAND I pray thee, loving wife, and gentle daughter,
 Give even way unto my rough affairs:
 Put not you on the visage of the times
 And be like them to Percy troublesome.
LADY
NORTHUMBERLAND I have given over, I will speak no more:
 Do what you will; your wisdom be your guide.
NORTHUMBERLAND Alas, sweet wife, my honour is at pawn;
 And, but my going, nothing can redeem it.
LADY PERCY O yet, for God's sake, go not to these wars!
 The time was, father, that you broke your word,
 When you were more endeared to it than now;
 When your own Percy, when my heart's dear Harry,
 Threw many a northward look to see his father
 Bring up his powers; but he did long in vain.
 Who then persuaded you to stay at home?
 There were two honours lost, yours and your son's.
 For yours, the God of heaven brighten it!
 For his, it stuck upon him as the sun
 In the grey vault of heaven, and by his light
 Did all the chivalry of England move
 To do brave acts: he was indeed the glass
 Wherein the noble youth did dress themselves:
 He had no legs that practised not his gait;
 And speaking thick, which nature made his blemish,
 Became the accents of the valiant;
 For those that could speak low and tardily
 Would turn their own perfection to abuse,
 To seem like him: so that in speech, in gait,
 In diet, in affections of delight,
 In military rules, humours of blood,
 He was the mark and glass, copy and book,
 That fashion'd others. And him, O wondrous him!
 O miracle of men! him did you leave,
 Second to none, unseconded by you,
 To look upon the hideous god of war
 In disadvantage; to abide a field
 Where nothing but the sound of Hotspur's name
 Did seem defensible: so you left him.
 Never, O never, do his ghost the wrong
 To hold your honour more precise and nice
 With others than with him! let them alone:
 The marshal and the archbishop are strong:
 Had my sweet Harry had but half their numbers,
 Today might I, hanging on Hotspur's neck,
 Have talk'd of Monmouth's grave.
NORTHUMBERLAND Beshrew your heart,
 Fair daughter, you do draw my spirits from me
 With new lamenting ancient oversights.
 But I must go and meet with danger there,
 Or it will seek me in another place
 And find me worse provided.
LADY
NORTHUMBERLAND O, fly to Scotland,
 Till that the nobles and the armed commons
 Have of their puissance made a little taste.
LADY PERCY If they get ground and vantage of the king,
 Then join you with them, like a rib of steel,
 To make strength stronger; but, for all our loves,
 First let them try themselves. So did your son;
 He was so suffer'd: so came I a widow;
 And never shall have length of life enough
 To rain upon remembrance with mine eyes,
 That it may grow and sprout as high as heaven,
 For recordation to my noble husband.
NORTHUMBERLAND Come, come, go in with me. 'Tis with my mind
 As with the tide swell'd up unto his height,
 That makes a stillstand, running neither way:
 Fain would I go to meet the archbishop,
 But many thousand reasons hold me back.
 I will resolve for Scotland: there am I,
 Till time and vantage crave my company.
 2 KING HENRY IV
First Drawer What the devil hast thou brought there? applejohns?
 thou knowest Sir John cannot endure an applejohn.
Second Drawer Mass, thou sayest true. The prince once set a dish
 of applejohns before him, and told him there were
 five more Sir Johns, and, putting off his hat, said
 'I will now take my leave of these six dry, round,
 old, withered knights.' It angered him to the
 heart: but he hath forgot that.
First Drawer Why, then, cover, and set them down: and see if
 thou canst find out Sneak's noise; Mistress
 Tearsheet would fain hear some music. Dispatch: the
 room where they supped is too hot; they'll come in straight.
Second Drawer Sirrah, here will be the prince and Master Poins
 anon; and they will put on two of our jerkins and
 aprons; and Sir John must not know of it: Bardolph
 hath brought word.
First Drawer By the mass, here will be old Utis: it will be an
 excellent stratagem.
Second Drawer I'll see if I can find out Sneak.
MISTRESS QUICKLY I' faith, sweetheart, methinks now you are in an
 excellent good temperality: your pulsidge beats as
 extraordinarily as heart would desire; and your
 colour, I warrant you, is as red as any rose, in good
 truth, la! But, i' faith, you have drunk too much
 canaries; and that's a marvellous searching wine,
 and it perfumes the blood ere one can say 'What's
 this?' How do you now?
DOLL TEARSHEET Better than I was: hem!
MISTRESS QUICKLY Why, that's well said; a good heart's worth gold.
 Lo, here comes Sir John.
 'When Arthur first in court,'
 Empty the jordan.
 'And was a worthy king.' How now, Mistress Doll!
MISTRESS QUICKLY Sick of a calm; yea, good faith.
FALSTAFF So is all her sect; an they be once in a calm, they are sick.
DOLL TEARSHEET You muddy rascal, is that all the comfort you give me?
FALSTAFF You make fat rascals, Mistress Doll.
DOLL TEARSHEET I make them! gluttony and diseases make them; I
 make them not.
FALSTAFF If the cook help to make the gluttony, you help to
 make the diseases, Doll: we catch of you, Doll, we
 catch of you; grant that, my poor virtue grant that.
DOLL TEARSHEET Yea, joy, our chains and our jewels.
FALSTAFF 'Your broaches, pearls, and ouches:' for to serve
 bravely is to come halting off, you know: to come
 off the breach with his pike bent bravely, and to
 surgery bravely; to venture upon the charged
 chambers bravely,
DOLL TEARSHEET Hang yourself, you muddy conger, hang yourself!
MISTRESS QUICKLY By my troth, this is the old fashion; you two never
 meet but you fall to some discord: you are both,
 i' good truth, as rheumatic as two dry toasts; you
 cannot one bear with another's confirmities. What
 the goodyear! one must bear, and that must be
 you: you are the weaker vessel, as they say, the
 emptier vessel.
DOLL TEARSHEET Can a weak empty vessel bear such a huge full
 hogshead? there's a whole merchant's venture of
 Bourdeaux stuff in him; you have not seen a hulk
 better stuffed in the hold. Come, I'll be friends
 with thee, Jack: thou art going to the wars; and
 whether I shall ever see thee again or no, there is
 nobody cares.
First Drawer Sir, Ancient Pistol's below, and would speak with
 you.
DOLL TEARSHEET Hang him, swaggering rascal! let him not come
 hither: it is the foulmouthed'st rogue in England.
MISTRESS QUICKLY If he swagger, let him not come here: no, by my
 faith; I must live among my neighbours: I'll no
 swaggerers: I am in good name and fame with the
 very best: shut the door; there comes no swaggerers
 here: I have not lived all this while, to have
 swaggering now: shut the door, I pray you.
FALSTAFF Dost thou hear, hostess?
MISTRESS QUICKLY Pray ye, pacify yourself, Sir John: there comes no
 swaggerers here.
FALSTAFF Dost thou hear? it is mine ancient.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Tillyfally, Sir John, ne'er tell me: your ancient
 swaggerer comes not in my doors. I was before Master
 Tisick, the debuty, t'other day; and, as he said to
 me, 'twas no longer ago than Wednesday last, 'I'
 good faith, neighbour Quickly,' says he; Master
 Dumbe, our minister, was by then; 'neighbour
 Quickly,' says he, 'receive those that are civil;
 for,' said he, 'you are in an ill name:' now a'
 said so, I can tell whereupon; 'for,' says he, 'you
 are an honest woman, and well thought on; therefore
 take heed what guests you receive: receive,' says
 he, 'no swaggering companions.' There comes none
 here: you would bless you to hear what he said:
 no, I'll no swaggerers.
FALSTAFF He's no swaggerer, hostess; a tame cheater, i'
 faith; you may stroke him as gently as a puppy
 greyhound: he'll not swagger with a Barbary hen, if
 her feathers turn back in any show of resistance.
 Call him up, drawer.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Cheater, call you him? I will bar no honest man my
 house, nor no cheater: but I do not love
 swaggering, by my troth; I am the worse, when one
 says swagger: feel, masters, how I shake; look you,
 I warrant you.
DOLL TEARSHEET So you do, hostess.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Do I? yea, in very truth, do I, an 'twere an aspen
 leaf: I cannot abide swaggerers.
PISTOL God save you, Sir John!
FALSTAFF Welcome, Ancient Pistol. Here, Pistol, I charge
 you with a cup of sack: do you discharge upon mine hostess.
PISTOL I will discharge upon her, Sir John, with two bullets.
FALSTAFF She is Pistolproof, sir; you shall hardly offend
 her.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Come, I'll drink no proofs nor no bullets: I'll
 drink no more than will do me good, for no man's
 pleasure, I.
PISTOL Then to you, Mistress Dorothy; I will charge you.
DOLL TEARSHEET Charge me! I scorn you, scurvy companion. What!
 you poor, base, rascally, cheating, lacklinen
 mate! Away, you mouldy rogue, away! I am meat for
 your master.
PISTOL I know you, Mistress Dorothy.
DOLL TEARSHEET Away, you cutpurse rascal! you filthy bung, away!
 by this wine, I'll thrust my knife in your mouldy
 chaps, an you play the saucy cuttle with me. Away,
 you bottleale rascal! you baskethilt stale
 juggler, you! Since when, I pray you, sir? God's
 light, with two points on your shoulder? much!
PISTOL God let me not live, but I will murder your ruff for this.
FALSTAFF No more, Pistol; I would not have you go off here:
 discharge yourself of our company, Pistol.
MISTRESS QUICKLY No, Good Captain Pistol; not here, sweet captain.
DOLL TEARSHEET Captain! thou abominable damned cheater, art thou
 not ashamed to be called captain? An captains were
 of my mind, they would truncheon you out, for
 taking their names upon you before you have earned
 them. You a captain! you slave, for what? for
 tearing a poor whore's ruff in a bawdyhouse? He a
 captain! hang him, rogue! he lives upon mouldy
 stewed prunes and dried cakes. A captain! God's
 light, these villains will make the word as odious
 as the word 'occupy;' which was an excellent good
 word before it was ill sorted: therefore captains
 had need look to 't.
BARDOLPH Pray thee, go down, good ancient.
FALSTAFF Hark thee hither, Mistress Doll.
PISTOL Not I I tell thee what, Corporal Bardolph, I could
 tear her: I'll be revenged of her.
Page Pray thee, go down.
PISTOL I'll see her damned first; to Pluto's damned lake,
 by this hand, to the infernal deep, with Erebus and
 tortures vile also. Hold hook and line, say I.
 Down, down, dogs! down, faitors! Have we not
 Hiren here?
MISTRESS QUICKLY Good Captain Peesel, be quiet; 'tis very late, i'
 faith: I beseek you now, aggravate your choler.
PISTOL These be good humours, indeed! Shall packhorses
 And hollow pamper'd jades of Asia,
 Which cannot go but thirty mile aday,
 Compare with Caesars, and with Cannibals,
 And Trojan Greeks? nay, rather damn them with
 King Cerberus; and let the welkin roar.
 Shall we fall foul for toys?
MISTRESS QUICKLY By my troth, captain, these are very bitter words.
BARDOLPH Be gone, good ancient: this will grow to abrawl anon.
PISTOL Die men like dogs! give crowns like pins! Have we
 not Heren here?
MISTRESS QUICKLY O' my word, captain, there's none such here. What
 the goodyear! do you think I would deny her? For
 God's sake, be quiet.
PISTOL Then feed, and be fat, my fair Calipolis.
 Come, give's some sack.
 'Si fortune me tormente, sperato me contento.'
 Fear we broadsides? no, let the fiend give fire:
 Give me some sack: and, sweetheart, lie thou there.
 Come we to full points here; and are etceteras nothing?
FALSTAFF Pistol, I would be quiet.
PISTOL Sweet knight, I kiss thy neaf: what! we have seen
 the seven stars.
DOLL TEARSHEET For God's sake, thrust him down stairs: I cannot
 endure such a fustian rascal.
PISTOL Thrust him down stairs! know we not Galloway nags?
FALSTAFF Quoit him down, Bardolph, like a shovegroat
 shilling: nay, an a' do nothing but speak nothing,
 a' shall be nothing here.
BARDOLPH Come, get you down stairs.
PISTOL What! shall we have incision? shall we imbrue?
 Then death rock me asleep, abridge my doleful days!
 Why, then, let grievous, ghastly, gaping wounds
 Untwine the Sisters Three! Come, Atropos, I say!
MISTRESS QUICKLY Here's goodly stuff toward!
FALSTAFF Give me my rapier, boy.
DOLL TEARSHEET I pray thee, Jack, I pray thee, do not draw.
FALSTAFF Get you down stairs.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Here's a goodly tumult! I'll forswear keeping
 house, afore I'll be in these tirrits and frights.
 So; murder, I warrant now. Alas, alas! put up
 your naked weapons, put up your naked weapons.
DOLL TEARSHEET I pray thee, Jack, be quiet; the rascal's gone.
 Ah, you whoreson little valiant villain, you!
MISTRESS QUICKLY He you not hurt i' the groin? methought a' made a
 shrewd thrust at your belly.
FALSTAFF Have you turned him out o' doors?
BARDOLPH Yea, sir. The rascal's drunk: you have hurt him,
 sir, i' the shoulder.
FALSTAFF A rascal! to brave me!
DOLL TEARSHEET Ah, you sweet little rogue, you! alas, poor ape,
 how thou sweatest! come, let me wipe thy face;
 come on, you whoreson chops: ah, rogue! i'faith, I
 love thee: thou art as valorous as Hector of Troy,
 worth five of Agamemnon, and ten times better than
 the Nine Worthies: ah, villain!
FALSTAFF A rascally slave! I will toss the rogue in a blanket.
DOLL TEARSHEET Do, an thou darest for thy heart: an thou dost,
 I'll canvass thee between a pair of sheets.
Page The music is come, sir.
FALSTAFF Let them play. Play, sirs. Sit on my knee, Doll.
 A rascal bragging slave! the rogue fled from me
 like quicksilver.
DOLL TEARSHEET I' faith, and thou followedst him like a church.
 Thou whoreson little tidy Bartholomew boarpig,
 when wilt thou leave fighting o' days and foining
 o' nights, and begin to patch up thine old body for heaven?
FALSTAFF Peace, good Doll! do not speak like a death'shead;
 do not bid me remember mine end.
DOLL TEARSHEET Sirrah, what humour's the prince of?
FALSTAFF A good shallow young fellow: a' would have made a
 good pantler, a' would ha' chipp'd bread well.
DOLL TEARSHEET They say Poins has a good wit.
FALSTAFF He a good wit? hang him, baboon! his wit's as thick
 as Tewksbury mustard; there's no more conceit in him
 than is in a mallet.
DOLL TEARSHEET Why does the prince love him so, then?
FALSTAFF Because their legs are both of a bigness, and a'
 plays at quoits well, and eats conger and fennel,
 and drinks off candles' ends for flapdragons, and
 rides the wildmare with the boys, and jumps upon
 joinedstools, and swears with a good grace, and
 wears his boots very smooth, like unto the sign of
 the leg, and breeds no bate with telling of discreet
 stories; and such other gambol faculties a' has,
 that show a weak mind and an able body, for the
 which the prince admits him: for the prince himself
 is such another; the weight of a hair will turn the
 scales between their avoirdupois.
PRINCE HENRY Would not this nave of a wheel have his ears cut off?
POINS Let's beat him before his whore.
PRINCE HENRY Look, whether the withered elder hath not his poll
 clawed like a parrot.
POINS Is it not strange that desire should so many years
 outlive performance?
FALSTAFF Kiss me, Doll.
PRINCE HENRY Saturn and Venus this year in conjunction! what
 says the almanac to that?
POINS And look, whether the fiery Trigon, his man, be not
 lisping to his master's old tables, his notebook,
 his counselkeeper.
FALSTAFF Thou dost give me flattering busses.
DOLL TEARSHEET By my troth, I kiss thee with a most constant heart.
FALSTAFF I am old, I am old.
DOLL TEARSHEET I love thee better than I love e'er a scurvy young
 boy of them all.
FALSTAFF What stuff wilt have a kirtle of? I shall receive
 money o' Thursday: shalt have a cap tomorrow. A
 merry song, come: it grows late; we'll to bed.
 Thou'lt forget me when I am gone.
DOLL TEARSHEET By my troth, thou'lt set me aweeping, an thou
 sayest so: prove that ever I dress myself handsome
 till thy return: well, harken at the end.
FALSTAFF Some sack, Francis.
FALSTAFF Ha! a bastard son of the king's? And art not thou
 Poins his brother?
PRINCE HENRY Why, thou globe of sinful continents! what a life
 dost thou lead!
FALSTAFF A better than thou: I am a gentleman; thou art a drawer.
PRINCE HENRY Very true, sir; and I come to draw you out by the ears.
MISTRESS QUICKLY O, the Lord preserve thy good grace! by my troth,
 welcome to London. Now, the Lord bless that sweet
 face of thine! O, Jesu, are you come from Wales?
FALSTAFF Thou whoreson mad compound of majesty, by this light
 flesh and corrupt blood, thou art welcome.
DOLL TEARSHEET How, you fat fool! I scorn you.
POINS My lord, he will drive you out of your revenge and
 turn all to a merriment, if you take not the heat.
PRINCE HENRY You whoreson candlemine, you, how vilely did you
 speak of me even now before this honest, virtuous,
 civil gentlewoman!
MISTRESS QUICKLY God's blessing of your good heart! and so she is,
 by my troth.
FALSTAFF Didst thou hear me?
PRINCE HENRY Yea, and you knew me, as you did when you ran away
 by Gad'shill: you knew I was at your back, and
 spoke it on purpose to try my patience.
FALSTAFF No, no, no; not so; I did not think thou wast within hearing.
PRINCE HENRY I shall drive you then to confess the wilful abuse;
 and then I know how to handle you.
FALSTAFF No abuse, Hal, o' mine honour, no abuse.
PRINCE HENRY Not to dispraise me, and call me pantier and
 breadchipper and I know not what?
FALSTAFF No abuse, Hal.
POINS No abuse?
FALSTAFF No abuse, Ned, i' the world; honest Ned, none. I
 dispraised him before the wicked, that the wicked
 might not fall in love with him; in which doing, I
 have done the part of a careful friend and a true
 subject, and thy father is to give me thanks for it.
 No abuse, Hal: none, Ned, none: no, faith, boys, none.
PRINCE HENRY See now, whether pure fear and entire cowardice doth
 not make thee wrong this virtuous gentlewoman to
 close with us? is she of the wicked? is thine
 hostess here of the wicked? or is thy boy of the
 wicked? or honest Bardolph, whose zeal burns in his
 nose, of the wicked?
POINS Answer, thou dead elm, answer.
FALSTAFF The fiend hath pricked down Bardolph irrecoverable;
 and his face is Lucifer's privykitchen, where he
 doth nothing but roast maltworms. For the boy,
 there is a good angel about him; but the devil
 outbids him too.
PRINCE HENRY For the women?
FALSTAFF For one of them, she is in hell already, and burns
 poor souls. For the other, I owe her money, and
 whether she be damned for that, I know not.
MISTRESS QUICKLY No, I warrant you.
FALSTAFF No, I think thou art not; I think thou art quit for
 that. Marry, there is another indictment upon thee,
 for suffering flesh to be eaten in thy house,
 contrary to the law; for the which I think thou wilt howl.
MISTRESS QUICKLY All victuallers do so; what's a joint of mutton or
 two in a whole Lent?
PRINCE HENRY You, gentlewoman,
DOLL TEARSHEET What says your grace?
FALSTAFF His grace says that which his flesh rebels against.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Who knocks so loud at door? Look to the door there, Francis.
PRINCE HENRY Peto, how now! what news?
PETO The king your father is at Westminster:
 And there are twenty weak and wearied posts
 Come from the north: and, as I came along,
 I met and overtook a dozen captains,
 Bareheaded, sweating, knocking at the taverns,
 And asking every one for Sir John Falstaff.
PRINCE HENRY By heaven, Poins, I feel me much to blame,
 So idly to profane the precious time,
 When tempest of commotion, like the south
 Borne with black vapour, doth begin to melt
 And drop upon our bare unarmed heads.
 Give me my sword and cloak. Falstaff, good night.
FALSTAFF Now comes in the sweetest morsel of the night, and
 we must hence and leave it unpicked.
 More knocking at the door!
 How now! what's the matter?
BARDOLPH You must away to court, sir, presently;
 A dozen captains stay at door for you.
 Pay the musicians, sirrah. Farewell,
 hostess; farewell, Doll. You see, my good wenches,
 how men of merit are sought after: the undeserver
 may sleep, when the man of action is called on.
 Farewell good wenches: if I be not sent away post,
 I will see you again ere I go.
DOLL TEARSHEET I cannot speak; if my heart be not read to burst,
 well, sweet Jack, have a care of thyself.
FALSTAFF Farewell, farewell.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Well, fare thee well: I have known thee these
 twentynine years, come peascodtime; but an
 honester and truerhearted man,well, fare thee well.
 Mistress Tearsheet!
MISTRESS QUICKLY What's the matter?
 Good Mistress Tearsheet, come to my master.
MISTRESS QUICKLY O, run, Doll, run; run, good Doll: come.
 Yea, will you come, Doll?
 2 KING HENRY IV
KING HENRY IV Go call the Earls of Surrey and of Warwick;
 But, ere they come, bid them o'erread these letters,
 And well consider of them; make good speed.
 How many thousand of my poorest subjects
 Are at this hour asleep! O sleep, O gentle sleep,
 Nature's soft nurse, how have I frighted thee,
 That thou no more wilt weigh my eyelids down
 And steep my senses in forgetfulness?
 Why rather, sleep, liest thou in smoky cribs,
 Upon uneasy pallets stretching thee
 And hush'd with buzzing nightflies to thy slumber,
 Than in the perfumed chambers of the great,
 Under the canopies of costly state,
 And lull'd with sound of sweetest melody?
 O thou dull god, why liest thou with the vile
 In loathsome beds, and leavest the kingly couch
 A watchcase or a common 'larumbell?
 Wilt thou upon the high and giddy mast
 Seal up the shipboy's eyes, and rock his brains
 In cradle of the rude imperious surge
 And in the visitation of the winds,
 Who take the ruffian billows by the top,
 Curling their monstrous heads and hanging them
 With deafening clamour in the slippery clouds,
 That, with the hurly, death itself awakes?
 Canst thou, O partial sleep, give thy repose
 To the wet seaboy in an hour so rude,
 And in the calmest and most stillest night,
 With all appliances and means to boot,
 Deny it to a king? Then happy low, lie down!
 Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
WARWICK Many good morrows to your majesty!
KING HENRY IV Is it good morrow, lords?
WARWICK 'Tis one o'clock, and past.
KING HENRY IV Why, then, good morrow to you all, my lords.
 Have you read o'er the letters that I sent you?
WARWICK We have, my liege.
KING HENRY IV Then you perceive the body of our kingdom
 How foul it is; what rank diseases grow
 And with what danger, near the heart of it.
WARWICK It is but as a body yet distemper'd;
 Which to his former strength may be restored
 With good advice and little medicine:
 My Lord Northumberland will soon be cool'd.
KING HENRY IV O God! that one might read the book of fate,
 And see the revolution of the times
 Make mountains level, and the continent,
 Weary of solid firmness, melt itself
 Into the sea! and, other times, to see
 The beachy girdle of the ocean
 Too wide for Neptune's hips; how chances mock,
 And changes fill the cup of alteration
 With divers liquors! O, if this were seen,
 The happiest youth, viewing his progress through,
 What perils past, what crosses to ensue,
 Would shut the book, and sit him down and die.
 'Tis not 'ten years gone
 Since Richard and Northumberland, great friends,
 Did feast together, and in two years after
 Were they at wars: it is but eight years since
 This Percy was the man nearest my soul,
 Who like a brother toil'd in my affairs
 And laid his love and life under my foot,
 Yea, for my sake, even to the eyes of Richard
 Gave him defiance. But which of you was by
 You, cousin Nevil, as I may remember
 When Richard, with his eye brimful of tears,
 Then cheque'd and rated by Northumberland,
 Did speak these words, now proved a prophecy?
 'Northumberland, thou ladder by the which
 My cousin Bolingbroke ascends my throne;'
 Though then, God knows, I had no such intent,
 But that necessity so bow'd the state
 That I and greatness were compell'd to kiss:
 'The time shall come,' thus did he follow it,
 'The time will come, that foul sin, gathering head,
 Shall break into corruption:' so went on,
 Foretelling this same time's condition
 And the division of our amity.
WARWICK There is a history in all men's lives,
 Figuring the nature of the times deceased;
 The which observed, a man may prophesy,
 With a near aim, of the main chance of things
 As yet not come to life, which in their seeds
 And weak beginnings lie intreasured.
 Such things become the hatch and brood of time;
 And by the necessary form of this
 King Richard might create a perfect guess
 That great Northumberland, then false to him,
 Would of that seed grow to a greater falseness;
 Which should not find a ground to root upon,
 Unless on you.
KING HENRY IV Are these things then necessities?
 Then let us meet them like necessities:
 And that same word even now cries out on us:
 They say the bishop and Northumberland
 Are fifty thousand strong.
WARWICK It cannot be, my lord;
 Rumour doth double, like the voice and echo,
 The numbers of the fear'd. Please it your grace
 To go to bed. Upon my soul, my lord,
 The powers that you already have sent forth
 Shall bring this prize in very easily.
 To comfort you the more, I have received
 A certain instance that Glendower is dead.
 Your majesty hath been this fortnight ill,
 And these unseason'd hours perforce must add
 Unto your sickness.
KING HENRY IV I will take your counsel:
 And were these inward wars once out of hand,
 We would, dear lords, unto the Holy Land.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter SHALLOW and SILENCE, meeting; MOULDY,
 SHADOW, WART, FEEBLE, BULLCALF, a Servant or two
SHALLOW Come on, come on, come on, sir; give me your hand,
 sir, give me your hand, sir: an early stirrer, by
 the rood! And how doth my good cousin Silence?
SILENCE Good morrow, good cousin Shallow.
SHALLOW And how doth my cousin, your bedfellow? and your
 fairest daughter and mine, my goddaughter Ellen?
SILENCE Alas, a black ousel, cousin Shallow!
SHALLOW By yea and nay, sir, I dare say my cousin William is
 become a good scholar: he is at Oxford still, is he not?
SILENCE Indeed, sir, to my cost.
SHALLOW A' must, then, to the inns o' court shortly. I was
 once of Clement's Inn, where I think they will
 talk of mad Shallow yet.
SILENCE You were called 'lusty Shallow' then, cousin.
SHALLOW By the mass, I was called any thing; and I would
 have done any thing indeed too, and roundly too.
 There was I, and little John Doit of Staffordshire,
 and black George Barnes, and Francis Pickbone, and
 Will Squele, a Cotswold man; you had not four such
 swingebucklers in all the inns o' court again: and
 I may say to you, we knew where the bonarobas were
 and had the best of them all at commandment. Then
 was Jack Falstaff, now Sir John, a boy, and page to
 Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk.
SILENCE This Sir John, cousin, that comes hither anon about soldiers?
SHALLOW The same Sir John, the very same. I see him break
 Skogan's head at the courtgate, when a' was a
 crack not thus high: and the very same day did I
 fight with one Sampson Stockfish, a fruiterer,
 behind Gray's Inn. Jesu, Jesu, the mad days that I
 have spent! and to see how many of my old
 acquaintance are dead!
SILENCE We shall all follow, cousin.
SHADOW Certain, 'tis certain; very sure, very sure: death,
 as the Psalmist saith, is certain to all; all shall
 die. How a good yoke of bullocks at Stamford fair?
SILENCE By my troth, I was not there.
SHALLOW Death is certain. Is old Double of your town living
 yet?
SILENCE Dead, sir.
SHALLOW Jesu, Jesu, dead! a' drew a good bow; and dead! a'
 shot a fine shoot: John a Gaunt loved him well, and
 betted much money on his head. Dead! a' would have
 clapped i' the clout at twelve score; and carried
 you a forehand shaft a fourteen and fourteen and a
 half, that it would have done a man's heart good to
 see. How a score of ewes now?
SILENCE Thereafter as they be: a score of good ewes may be
 worth ten pounds.
SHALLOW And is old Double dead?
SILENCE Here come two of Sir John Falstaff's men, as I think.
BARDOLPH Good morrow, honest gentlemen: I beseech you, which
 is Justice Shallow?
SHALLOW I am Robert Shallow, sir; a poor esquire of this
 county, and one of the king's justices of the peace:
 What is your good pleasure with me?
BARDOLPH My captain, sir, commends him to you; my captain,
 Sir John Falstaff, a tall gentleman, by heaven, and
 a most gallant leader.
SHALLOW He greets me well, sir. I knew him a good backsword
 man. How doth the good knight? may I ask how my
 lady his wife doth?
BARDOLPH Sir, pardon; a soldier is better accommodated than
 with a wife.
SHALLOW It is well said, in faith, sir; and it is well said
 indeed too. Better accommodated! it is good; yea,
 indeed, is it: good phrases are surely, and ever
 were, very commendable. Accommodated! it comes of
 'accommodo' very good; a good phrase.
BARDOLPH Pardon me, sir; I have heard the word. Phrase call
 you it? by this good day, I know not the phrase;
 but I will maintain the word with my sword to be a
 soldierlike word, and a word of exceeding good
 command, by heaven. Accommodated; that is, when a
 man is, as they say, accommodated; or when a man is,
 being, whereby a' may be thought to be accommodated;
 which is an excellent thing.
SHALLOW It is very just.
 Look, here comes good Sir John. Give me your good
 hand, give me your worship's good hand: by my
 troth, you like well and bear your years very well:
 welcome, good Sir John.
FALSTAFF I am glad to see you well, good Master Robert
 Shallow: Master Surecard, as I think?
SHALLOW No, Sir John; it is my cousin Silence, in commission with me.
FALSTAFF Good Master Silence, it well befits you should be of
 the peace.
SILENCE Your goodworship is welcome.
FALSTAFF Fie! this is hot weather, gentlemen. Have you
 provided me here half a dozen sufficient men?
SHALLOW Marry, have we, sir. Will you sit?
FALSTAFF Let me see them, I beseech you.
SHALLOW Where's the roll? where's the roll? where's the
 roll? Let me see, let me see, let me see. So, so:
 yea, marry, sir: Ralph Mouldy! Let them appear as
 I call; let them do so, let them do so. Let me
 see; where is Mouldy?
MOULDY Here, an't please you.
SHALLOW What think you, Sir John? a goodlimbed fellow;
 young, strong, and of good friends.
FALSTAFF Is thy name Mouldy?
MOULDY Yea, an't please you.
FALSTAFF 'Tis the more time thou wert used.
SHALLOW Ha, ha, ha! most excellent, i' faith! Things that
 are mouldy lack use: very singular good! in faith,
 well said, Sir John, very well said.
FALSTAFF Prick him.
MOULDY I was pricked well enough before, an you could have
 let me alone: my old dame will be undone now for
 one to do her husbandry and her drudgery: you need
 not to have pricked me; there are other men fitter
 to go out than I.
FALSTAFF Go to: peace, Mouldy; you shall go. Mouldy, it is
 time you were spent.
MOULDY Spent!
SHALLOW Peace, fellow, peace; stand aside: know you where
 you are? For the other, Sir John: let me see:
 Simon Shadow!
FALSTAFF Yea, marry, let me have him to sit under: he's like
 to be a cold soldier.
SHALLOW Where's Shadow?
SHADOW Here, sir.
FALSTAFF Shadow, whose son art thou?
SHADOW My mother's son, sir.
FALSTAFF Thy mother's son! like enough, and thy father's
 shadow: so the son of the female is the shadow of
 the male: it is often so, indeed; but much of the
 father's substance!
SHALLOW Do you like him, Sir John?
FALSTAFF Shadow will serve for summer; prick him, for we have
 a number of shadows to fill up the musterbook.
SHALLOW Thomas Wart!
FALSTAFF Where's he?
WART Here, sir.
FALSTAFF Is thy name Wart?
WART Yea, sir.
FALSTAFF Thou art a very ragged wart.
SHALLOW Shall I prick him down, Sir John?
FALSTAFF It were superfluous; for his apparel is built upon
 his back and the whole frame stands upon pins:
 prick him no more.
SHALLOW Ha, ha, ha! you can do it, sir; you can do it: I
 commend you well. Francis Feeble!
FEEBLE Here, sir.
FALSTAFF What trade art thou, Feeble?
FEEBLE A woman's tailor, sir.
SHALLOW Shall I prick him, sir?
FALSTAFF You may: but if he had been a man's tailor, he'ld
 ha' pricked you. Wilt thou make as many holes in
 an enemy's battle as thou hast done in a woman's petticoat?
FEEBLE I will do my good will, sir; you can have no more.
FALSTAFF Well said, good woman's tailor! well said,
 courageous Feeble! thou wilt be as valiant as the
 wrathful dove or most magnanimous mouse. Prick the
 woman's tailor: well, Master Shallow; deep, Master Shallow.
FEEBLE I would Wart might have gone, sir.
FALSTAFF I would thou wert a man's tailor, that thou mightst
 mend him and make him fit to go. I cannot put him
 to a private soldier that is the leader of so many
 thousands: let that suffice, most forcible Feeble.
FEEBLE It shall suffice, sir.
FALSTAFF I am bound to thee, reverend Feeble. Who is next?
SHALLOW Peter Bullcalf o' the green!
FALSTAFF Yea, marry, let's see Bullcalf.
BULLCALF Here, sir.
FALSTAFF 'Fore God, a likely fellow! Come, prick me Bullcalf
 till he roar again.
BULLCALF O Lord! good my lord captain,
FALSTAFF What, dost thou roar before thou art pricked?
BULLCALF O Lord, sir! I am a diseased man.
FALSTAFF What disease hast thou?
BULLCALF A whoreson cold, sir, a cough, sir, which I caught
 with ringing in the king's affairs upon his
 coronationday, sir.
FALSTAFF Come, thou shalt go to the wars in a gown; we wilt
 have away thy cold; and I will take such order that
 my friends shall ring for thee. Is here all?
SHALLOW Here is two more called than your number, you must
 have but four here, sir: and so, I pray you, go in
 with me to dinner.
FALSTAFF Come, I will go drink with you, but I cannot tarry
 dinner. I am glad to see you, by my troth, Master Shallow.
SHALLOW O, Sir John, do you remember since we lay all night
 in the windmill in Saint George's field?
FALSTAFF No more of that, good Master Shallow, no more of that.
SHALLOW Ha! 'twas a merry night. And is Jane Nightwork alive?
FALSTAFF She lives, Master Shallow.
SHALLOW She never could away with me.
FALSTAFF Never, never; she would always say she could not
 abide Master Shallow.
SHALLOW By the mass, I could anger her to the heart. She
 was then a bonaroba. Doth she hold her own well?
FALSTAFF Old, old, Master Shallow.
SHALLOW Nay, she must be old; she cannot choose but be old;
 certain she's old; and had Robin Nightwork by old
 Nightwork before I came to Clement's Inn.
SILENCE That's fiftyfive year ago.
SHALLOW Ha, cousin Silence, that thou hadst seen that that
 this knight and I have seen! Ha, Sir John, said I well?
FALSTAFF We have heard the chimes at midnight, Master Shallow.
SHALLOW That we have, that we have, that we have; in faith,
 Sir John, we have: our watchword was 'Hem boys!'
 Come, let's to dinner; come, let's to dinner:
 Jesus, the days that we have seen! Come, come.
BULLCALF Good Master Corporate Bardolph, stand my friend;
 and here's four Harry ten shillings in French crowns
 for you. In very truth, sir, I had as lief be
 hanged, sir, as go: and yet, for mine own part, sir,
 I do not care; but rather, because I am unwilling,
 and, for mine own part, have a desire to stay with
 my friends; else, sir, I did not care, for mine own
 part, so much.
BARDOLPH Go to; stand aside.
MOULDY And, good master corporal captain, for my old
 dame's sake, stand my friend: she has nobody to do
 any thing about her when I am gone; and she is old,
 and cannot help herself: You shall have forty, sir.
BARDOLPH Go to; stand aside.
FEEBLE By my troth, I care not; a man can die but once: we
 owe God a death: I'll ne'er bear a base mind:
 an't be my destiny, so; an't be not, so: no man is
 too good to serve's prince; and let it go which way
 it will, he that dies this year is quit for the next.
BARDOLPH Well said; thou'rt a good fellow.
FEEBLE Faith, I'll bear no base mind.
FALSTAFF Come, sir, which men shall I have?
SHALLOW Four of which you please.
BARDOLPH Sir, a word with you: I have three pound to free
 Mouldy and Bullcalf.
FALSTAFF Go to; well.
SHALLOW Come, Sir John, which four will you have?
FALSTAFF Do you choose for me.
SHALLOW Marry, then, Mouldy, Bullcalf, Feeble and Shadow.
FALSTAFF Mouldy and Bullcalf: for you, Mouldy, stay at home
 till you are past service: and for your part,
 Bullcalf, grow till you come unto it: I will none of you.
SHALLOW Sir John, Sir John, do not yourself wrong: they are
 your likeliest men, and I would have you served with the best.
FALSTAFF Will you tell me, Master Shallow, how to choose a
 man? Care I for the limb, the thewes, the stature,
 bulk, and big assemblance of a man! Give me the
 spirit, Master Shallow. Here's Wart; you see what a
 ragged appearance it is; a' shall charge you and
 discharge you with the motion of a pewterer's
 hammer, come off and on swifter than he that gibbets
 on the brewer's bucket. And this same halffaced
 fellow, Shadow; give me this man: he presents no
 mark to the enemy; the foeman may with as great aim
 level at the edge of a penknife. And for a retreat;
 how swiftly will this Feeble the woman's tailor run
 off! O, give me the spare men, and spare me the
 great ones. Put me a caliver into Wart's hand, Bardolph.
BARDOLPH Hold, Wart, traverse; thus, thus, thus.
FALSTAFF Come, manage me your caliver. So: very well: go
 to: very good, exceeding good. O, give me always a
 little, lean, old, chapt, bald shot. Well said, i'
 faith, Wart; thou'rt a good scab: hold, there's a
 tester for thee.
SHALLOW He is not his craft's master; he doth not do it
 right. I remember at Mileend Green, when I lay at
 Clement's InnI was then Sir Dagonet in Arthur's
 show,there was a little quiver fellow, and a'
 would manage you his piece thus; and a' would about
 and about, and come you in and come you in: 'rah,
 tah, tah,' would a' say; 'bounce' would a' say; and
 away again would a' go, and again would a' come: I
 shall ne'er see such a fellow.
FALSTAFF These fellows will do well, Master Shallow. God
 keep you, Master Silence: I will not use many words
 with you. Fare you well, gentlemen both: I thank
 you: I must a dozen mile tonight. Bardolph, give
 the soldiers coats.
SHALLOW Sir John, the Lord bless you! God prosper your
 affairs! God send us peace! At your return visit
 our house; let our old acquaintance be renewed;
 peradventure I will with ye to the court.
FALSTAFF 'Fore God, I would you would, Master Shallow.
SHALLOW Go to; I have spoke at a word. God keep you.
FALSTAFF Fare you well, gentle gentlemen.
 On, Bardolph; lead the men away.
 As I return, I will fetch off these justices: I do
 see the bottom of Justice Shallow. Lord, Lord, how
 subject we old men are to this vice of lying! This
 same starved justice hath done nothing but prate to
 me of the wildness of his youth, and the feats he
 hath done about Turnbull Street: and every third
 word a lie, duer paid to the hearer than the Turk's
 tribute. I do remember him at Clement's Inn like a
 man made after supper of a cheeseparing: when a'
 was naked, he was, for all the world, like a forked
 radish, with a head fantastically carved upon it
 with a knife: a' was so forlorn, that his
 dimensions to any thick sight were invincible: a'
 was the very genius of famine; yet lecherous as a
 monkey, and the whores called him mandrake: a' came
 ever in the rearward of the fashion, and sung those
 tunes to the overscutched huswives that he heard the
 carmen whistle, and swear they were his fancies or
 his goodnights. And now is this Vice's dagger
 become a squire, and talks as familiarly of John a
 Gaunt as if he had been sworn brother to him; and
 I'll be sworn a' ne'er saw him but once in the
 Tiltyard; and then he burst his head for crowding
 among the marshal's men. I saw it, and told John a
 Gaunt he beat his own name; for you might have
 thrust him and all his apparel into an eelskin; the
 case of a treble hautboy was a mansion for him, a
 court: and now has he land and beefs. Well, I'll
 be acquainted with him, if I return; and it shall
 go hard but I will make him a philosopher's two
 stones to me: if the young dace be a bait for the
 old pike, I see no reason in the law of nature but I
 may snap at him. Let time shape, and there an end.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter the ARCHBISHOP OF YORK, MOWBRAY, LORD
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK What is this forest call'd?
HASTINGS 'Tis Gaultree Forest, an't shall please your grace.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Here stand, my lords; and send discoverers forth
 To know the numbers of our enemies.
HASTINGS We have sent forth already.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK 'Tis well done.
 My friends and brethren in these great affairs,
 I must acquaint you that I have received
 Newdated letters from Northumberland;
 Their cold intent, tenor and substance, thus:
 Here doth he wish his person, with such powers
 As might hold sortance with his quality,
 The which he could not levy; whereupon
 He is retired, to ripe his growing fortunes,
 To Scotland: and concludes in hearty prayers
 That your attempts may overlive the hazard
 And fearful melting of their opposite.
MOWBRAY Thus do the hopes we have in him touch ground
 And dash themselves to pieces.
HASTINGS Now, what news?
Messenger West of this forest, scarcely off a mile,
 In goodly form comes on the enemy;
 And, by the ground they hide, I judge their number
 Upon or near the rate of thirty thousand.
MOWBRAY The just proportion that we gave them out
 Let us sway on and face them in the field.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK What wellappointed leader fronts us here?
MOWBRAY I think it is my Lord of Westmoreland.
WESTMORELAND Health and fair greeting from our general,
 The prince, Lord John and Duke of Lancaster.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Say on, my Lord of Westmoreland, in peace:
 What doth concern your coming?
WESTMORELAND Then, my lord,
 Unto your grace do I in chief address
 The substance of my speech. If that rebellion
 Came like itself, in base and abject routs,
 Led on by bloody youth, guarded with rags,
 And countenanced by boys and beggary,
 I say, if damn'd commotion so appear'd,
 In his true, native and most proper shape,
 You, reverend father, and these noble lords
 Had not been here, to dress the ugly form
 Of base and bloody insurrection
 With your fair honours. You, lord archbishop,
 Whose see is by a civil peace maintained,
 Whose beard the silver hand of peace hath touch'd,
 Whose learning and good letters peace hath tutor'd,
 Whose white investments figure innocence,
 The dove and very blessed spirit of peace,
 Wherefore do you so ill translate ourself
 Out of the speech of peace that bears such grace,
 Into the harsh and boisterous tongue of war;
 Turning your books to graves, your ink to blood,
 Your pens to lances and your tongue divine
 To a trumpet and a point of war?
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Wherefore do I this? so the question stands.
 Briefly to this end: we are all diseased,
 And with our surfeiting and wanton hours
 Have brought ourselves into a burning fever,
 And we must bleed for it; of which disease
 Our late king, Richard, being infected, died.
 But, my most noble Lord of Westmoreland,
 I take not on me here as a physician,
 Nor do I as an enemy to peace
 Troop in the throngs of military men;
 But rather show awhile like fearful war,
 To diet rank minds sick of happiness
 And purge the obstructions which begin to stop
 Our very veins of life. Hear me more plainly.
 I have in equal balance justly weigh'd
 What wrongs our arms may do, what wrongs we suffer,
 And find our griefs heavier than our offences.
 We see which way the stream of time doth run,
 And are enforced from our most quiet there
 By the rough torrent of occasion;
 And have the summary of all our griefs,
 When time shall serve, to show in articles;
 Which long ere this we offer'd to the king,
 And might by no suit gain our audience:
 When we are wrong'd and would unfold our griefs,
 We are denied access unto his person
 Even by those men that most have done us wrong.
 The dangers of the days but newly gone,
 Whose memory is written on the earth
 With yet appearing blood, and the examples
 Of every minute's instance, present now,
 Hath put us in these illbeseeming arms,
 Not to break peace or any branch of it,
 But to establish here a peace indeed,
 Concurring both in name and quality.
WESTMORELAND When ever yet was your appeal denied?
 Wherein have you been galled by the king?
 What peer hath been suborn'd to grate on you,
 That you should seal this lawless bloody book
 Of forged rebellion with a seal divine
 And consecrate commotion's bitter edge?
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK My brother general, the commonwealth,
 To brother born an household cruelty,
 I make my quarrel in particular.
WESTMORELAND There is no need of any such redress;
 Or if there were, it not belongs to you.
MOWBRAY Why not to him in part, and to us all
 That feel the bruises of the days before,
 And suffer the condition of these times
 To lay a heavy and unequal hand
 Upon our honours?
WESTMORELAND O, my good Lord Mowbray,
 Construe the times to their necessities,
 And you shall say indeed, it is the time,
 And not the king, that doth you injuries.
 Yet for your part, it not appears to me
 Either from the king or in the present time
 That you should have an inch of any ground
 To build a grief on: were you not restored
 To all the Duke of Norfolk's signories,
 Your noble and right well remember'd father's?
MOWBRAY What thing, in honour, had my father lost,
 That need to be revived and breathed in me?
 The king that loved him, as the state stood then,
 Was force perforce compell'd to banish him:
 And then that Harry Bolingbroke and he,
 Being mounted and both roused in their seats,
 Their neighing coursers daring of the spur,
 Their armed staves in charge, their beavers down,
 Their eyes of fire sparking through sights of steel
 And the loud trumpet blowing them together,
 Then, then, when there was nothing could have stay'd
 My father from the breast of Bolingbroke,
 O when the king did throw his warder down,
 His own life hung upon the staff he threw;
 Then threw he down himself and all their lives
 That by indictment and by dint of sword
 Have since miscarried under Bolingbroke.
WESTMORELAND You speak, Lord Mowbray, now you know not what.
 The Earl of Hereford was reputed then
 In England the most valiant gentlemen:
 Who knows on whom fortune would then have smiled?
 But if your father had been victor there,
 He ne'er had borne it out of Coventry:
 For all the country in a general voice
 Cried hate upon him; and all their prayers and love
 Were set on Hereford, whom they doted on
 And bless'd and graced indeed, more than the king.
 But this is mere digression from my purpose.
 Here come I from our princely general
 To know your griefs; to tell you from his grace
 That he will give you audience; and wherein
 It shall appear that your demands are just,
 You shall enjoy them, every thing set off
 That might so much as think you enemies.
MOWBRAY But he hath forced us to compel this offer;
 And it proceeds from policy, not love.
WESTMORELAND Mowbray, you overween to take it so;
 This offer comes from mercy, not from fear:
 For, lo! within a ken our army lies,
 Upon mine honour, all too confident
 To give admittance to a thought of fear.
 Our battle is more full of names than yours,
 Our men more perfect in the use of arms,
 Our armour all as strong, our cause the best;
 Then reason will our heart should be as good
 Say you not then our offer is compell'd.
MOWBRAY Well, by my will we shall admit no parley.
WESTMORELAND That argues but the shame of your offence:
 A rotten case abides no handling.
HASTINGS Hath the Prince John a full commission,
 In very ample virtue of his father,
 To hear and absolutely to determine
 Of what conditions we shall stand upon?
WESTMORELAND That is intended in the general's name:
 I muse you make so slight a question.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Then take, my Lord of Westmoreland, this schedule,
 For this contains our general grievances:
 Each several article herein redress'd,
 All members of our cause, both here and hence,
 That are insinew'd to this action,
 Acquitted by a true substantial form
 And present execution of our wills
 To us and to our purposes confined,
 We come within our awful banks again
 And knit our powers to the arm of peace.
WESTMORELAND This will I show the general. Please you, lords,
 In sight of both our battles we may meet;
 And either end in peace, which God so frame!
 Or to the place of difference call the swords
 Which must decide it.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK My lord, we will do so.
MOWBRAY There is a thing within my bosom tells me
 That no conditions of our peace can stand.
HASTINGS Fear you not that: if we can make our peace
 Upon such large terms and so absolute
 As our conditions shall consist upon,
 Our peace shall stand as firm as rocky mountains.
MOWBRAY Yea, but our valuation shall be such
 That every slight and falsederived cause,
 Yea, every idle, nice and wanton reason
 Shall to the king taste of this action;
 That, were our royal faiths martyrs in love,
 We shall be winnow'd with so rough a wind
 That even our corn shall seem as light as chaff
 And good from bad find no partition.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK No, no, my lord. Note this; the king is weary
 Of dainty and such picking grievances:
 For he hath found to end one doubt by death
 Revives two greater in the heirs of life,
 And therefore will he wipe his tables clean
 And keep no telltale to his memory
 That may repeat and history his loss
 To new remembrance; for full well he knows
 He cannot so precisely weed this land
 As his misdoubts present occasion:
 His foes are so enrooted with his friends
 That, plucking to unfix an enemy,
 He doth unfasten so and shake a friend:
 So that this land, like an offensive wife
 That hath enraged him on to offer strokes,
 As he is striking, holds his infant up
 And hangs resolved correction in the arm
 That was uprear'd to execution.
HASTINGS Besides, the king hath wasted all his rods
 On late offenders, that he now doth lack
 The very instruments of chastisement:
 So that his power, like to a fangless lion,
 May offer, but not hold.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK 'Tis very true:
 And therefore be assured, my good lord marshal,
 If we do now make our atonement well,
 Our peace will, like a broken limb united,
 Grow stronger for the breaking.
MOWBRAY Be it so.
 Here is return'd my Lord of Westmoreland.
WESTMORELAND The prince is here at hand: pleaseth your lordship
 To meet his grace just distance 'tween our armies.
MOWBRAY Your grace of York, in God's name then, set forward.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Before, and greet his grace: my lord, we come.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter, from one side, MOWBRAY, attended; afterwards
 the ARCHBISHOP OF YORK, HASTINGS, and others: from
 the other side, Prince John of LANCASTER, and
LANCASTER You are well encounter'd here, my cousin Mowbray:
 Good day to you, gentle lord archbishop;
 And so to you, Lord Hastings, and to all.
 My Lord of York, it better show'd with you
 When that your flock, assembled by the bell,
 Encircled you to hear with reverence
 Your exposition on the holy text
 Than now to see you here an iron man,
 Cheering a rout of rebels with your drum,
 Turning the word to sword and life to death.
 That man that sits within a monarch's heart,
 And ripens in the sunshine of his favour,
 Would he abuse the countenance of the king,
 Alack, what mischiefs might he set abrooch
 In shadow of such greatness! With you, lord bishop,
 It is even so. Who hath not heard it spoken
 How deep you were within the books of God?
 To us the speaker in his parliament;
 To us the imagined voice of God himself;
 The very opener and intelligencer
 Between the grace, the sanctities of heaven
 And our dull workings. O, who shall believe
 But you misuse the reverence of your place,
 Employ the countenance and grace of heaven,
 As a false favourite doth his prince's name,
 In deeds dishonourable? You have ta'en up,
 Under the counterfeited zeal of God,
 The subjects of his substitute, my father,
 And both against the peace of heaven and him
 Have here upswarm'd them.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Good my Lord of Lancaster,
 I am not here against your father's peace;
 But, as I told my lord of Westmoreland,
 The time misorder'd doth, in common sense,
 Crowd us and crush us to this monstrous form,
 To hold our safety up. I sent your grace
 The parcels and particulars of our grief,
 The which hath been with scorn shoved from the court,
 Whereon this Hydra son of war is born;
 Whose dangerous eyes may well be charm'd asleep
 With grant of our most just and right desires,
 And true obedience, of this madness cured,
 Stoop tamely to the foot of majesty.
MOWBRAY If not, we ready are to try our fortunes
 To the last man.
HASTINGS And though we here fall down,
 We have supplies to second our attempt:
 If they miscarry, theirs shall second them;
 And so success of mischief shall be born
 And heir from heir shall hold this quarrel up
 Whiles England shall have generation.
LANCASTER You are too shallow, Hastings, much too shallow,
 To sound the bottom of the aftertimes.
WESTMORELAND Pleaseth your grace to answer them directly
 How far forth you do like their articles.
LANCASTER I like them all, and do allow them well,
 And swear here, by the honour of my blood,
 My father's purposes have been mistook,
 And some about him have too lavishly
 Wrested his meaning and authority.
 My lord, these griefs shall be with speed redress'd;
 Upon my soul, they shall. If this may please you,
 Discharge your powers unto their several counties,
 As we will ours: and here between the armies
 Let's drink together friendly and embrace,
 That all their eyes may bear those tokens home
 Of our restored love and amity.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK I take your princely word for these redresses.
LANCASTER I give it you, and will maintain my word:
 And thereupon I drink unto your grace.
HASTINGS Go, captain, and deliver to the army
 This news of peace: let them have pay, and part:
 I know it will well please them. Hie thee, captain.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK To you, my noble Lord of Westmoreland.
WESTMORELAND I pledge your grace; and, if you knew what pains
 I have bestow'd to breed this present peace,
 You would drink freely: but my love to ye
 Shall show itself more openly hereafter.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK I do not doubt you.
WESTMORELAND I am glad of it.
 Health to my lord and gentle cousin, Mowbray.
MOWBRAY You wish me health in very happy season;
 For I am, on the sudden, something ill.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Against ill chances men are ever merry;
 But heaviness foreruns the good event.
WESTMORELAND Therefore be merry, coz; since sudden sorrow
 Serves to say thus, 'some good thing comes
 tomorrow.'
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Believe me, I am passing light in spirit.
MOWBRAY So much the worse, if your own rule be true.
LANCASTER The word of peace is render'd: hark, how they shout!
MOWBRAY This had been cheerful after victory.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK A peace is of the nature of a conquest;
 For then both parties nobly are subdued,
 And neither party loser.
LANCASTER Go, my lord,
 And let our army be discharged too.
 And, good my lord, so please you, let our trains
 March, by us, that we may peruse the men
 We should have coped withal.
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Go, good Lord Hastings,
 And, ere they be dismissed, let them march by.
LANCASTER I trust, lords, we shall lie tonight together.
 Now, cousin, wherefore stands our army still?
WESTMORELAND The leaders, having charge from you to stand,
 Will not go off until they hear you speak.
LANCASTER They know their duties.
HASTINGS My lord, our army is dispersed already;
 Like youthful steers unyoked, they take their courses
 East, west, north, south; or, like a school broke up,
 Each hurries toward his home and sportingplace.
WESTMORELAND Good tidings, my Lord Hastings; for the which
 I do arrest thee, traitor, of high treason:
 And you, lord archbishop, and you, Lord Mowbray,
 Of capitol treason I attach you both.
MOWBRAY Is this proceeding just and honourable?
WESTMORELAND Is your assembly so?
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK Will you thus break your faith?
LANCASTER I pawn'd thee none:
 I promised you redress of these same grievances
 Whereof you did complain; which, by mine honour,
 I will perform with a most Christian care.
 But for you, rebels, look to taste the due
 Meet for rebellion and such acts as yours.
 Most shallowly did you these arms commence,
 Fondly brought here and foolishly sent hence.
 Strike up our drums, pursue the scatter'd stray:
 God, and not we, hath safely fought today.
 Some guard these traitors to the block of death,
 Treason's true bed and yielder up of breath.
 2 KING HENRY IV
FALSTAFF What's your name, sir? of what condition are you,
 and of what place, I pray?
COLEVILE I am a knight, sir, and my name is Colevile of the dale.
FALSTAFF Well, then, Colevile is your name, a knight is your
 degree, and your place the dale: Colevile shall be
 still your name, a traitor your degree, and the
 dungeon your place, a place deep enough; so shall
 you be still Colevile of the dale.
COLEVILE Are not you Sir John Falstaff?
FALSTAFF As good a man as he, sir, whoe'er I am. Do ye
 yield, sir? or shall I sweat for you? if I do
 sweat, they are the drops of thy lovers, and they
 weep for thy death: therefore rouse up fear and
 trembling, and do observance to my mercy.
COLEVILE I think you are Sir John Falstaff, and in that
 thought yield me.
FALSTAFF I have a whole school of tongues in this belly of
 mine, and not a tongue of them all speaks any other
 word but my name. An I had but a belly of any
 indifference, I were simply the most active fellow
 in Europe: my womb, my womb, my womb, undoes me.
 Here comes our general.
 Enter PRINCE JOHN OF LANCASTER, WESTMORELAND,
LANCASTER The heat is past; follow no further now:
 Call in the powers, good cousin Westmoreland.
 Now, Falstaff, where have you been all this while?
 When every thing is ended, then you come:
 These tardy tricks of yours will, on my life,
 One time or other break some gallows' back.
FALSTAFF I would be sorry, my lord, but it should be thus: I
 never knew yet but rebuke and cheque was the reward
 of valour. Do you think me a swallow, an arrow, or a
 bullet? have I, in my poor and old motion, the
 expedition of thought? I have speeded hither with
 the very extremest inch of possibility; I have
 foundered nine score and odd posts: and here,
 traveltainted as I am, have in my pure and
 immaculate valour, taken Sir John Colevile of the
 dale, a most furious knight and valorous enemy.
 But what of that? he saw me, and yielded; that I
 may justly say, with the hooknosed fellow of Rome,
 'I came, saw, and overcame.'
LANCASTER It was more of his courtesy than your deserving.
FALSTAFF I know not: here he is, and here I yield him: and
 I beseech your grace, let it be booked with the
 rest of this day's deeds; or, by the Lord, I will
 have it in a particular ballad else, with mine own
 picture on the top on't, Colevile kissing my foot:
 to the which course if I be enforced, if you do not
 all show like gilt twopences to me, and I in the
 clear sky of fame o'ershine you as much as the full
 moon doth the cinders of the element, which show
 like pins' heads to her, believe not the word of
 the noble: therefore let me have right, and let
 desert mount.
LANCASTER Thine's too heavy to mount.
FALSTAFF Let it shine, then.
LANCASTER Thine's too thick to shine.
FALSTAFF Let it do something, my good lord, that may do me
 good, and call it what you will.
LANCASTER Is thy name Colevile?
COLEVILE It is, my lord.
LANCASTER A famous rebel art thou, Colevile.
FALSTAFF And a famous true subject took him.
COLEVILE I am, my lord, but as my betters are
 That led me hither: had they been ruled by me,
 You should have won them dearer than you have.
FALSTAFF I know not how they sold themselves: but thou, like
 a kind fellow, gavest thyself away gratis; and I
 thank thee for thee.
LANCASTER Now, have you left pursuit?
WESTMORELAND Retreat is made and execution stay'd.
LANCASTER Send Colevile with his confederates
 To York, to present execution:
 Blunt, lead him hence; and see you guard him sure.
 And now dispatch we toward the court, my lords:
 I hear the king my father is sore sick:
 Our news shall go before us to his majesty,
 Which, cousin, you shall bear to comfort him,
 And we with sober speed will follow you.
FALSTAFF My lord, I beseech you, give me leave to go
 Through Gloucestershire: and, when you come to court,
 Stand my good lord, pray, in your good report.
LANCASTER Fare you well, Falstaff: I, in my condition,
 Shall better speak of you than you deserve.
FALSTAFF I would you had but the wit: 'twere better than
 your dukedom. Good faith, this same young sober
 blooded boy doth not love me; nor a man cannot make
 him laugh; but that's no marvel, he drinks no wine.
 There's never none of these demure boys come to any
 proof; for thin drink doth so overcool their blood,
 and making many fishmeals, that they fall into a
 kind of male greensickness; and then when they
 marry, they get wenches: they are generally fools
 and cowards; which some of us should be too, but for
 inflammation. A good sherris sack hath a twofold
 operation in it. It ascends me into the brain;
 dries me there all the foolish and dull and curdy
 vapours which environ it; makes it apprehensive,
 quick, forgetive, full of nimble fiery and
 delectable shapes, which, delivered o'er to the
 voice, the tongue, which is the birth, becomes
 excellent wit. The second property of your
 excellent sherris is, the warming of the blood;
 which, before cold and settled, left the liver
 white and pale, which is the badge of pusillanimity
 and cowardice; but the sherris warms it and makes
 it course from the inwards to the parts extreme:
 it illumineth the face, which as a beacon gives
 warning to all the rest of this little kingdom,
 man, to arm; and then the vital commoners and
 inland petty spirits muster me all to their captain,
 the heart, who, great and puffed up with this
 retinue, doth any deed of courage; and this valour
 comes of sherris. So that skill in the weapon is
 nothing without sack, for that sets it awork; and
 learning a mere hoard of gold kept by a devil, till
 sack commences it and sets it in act and use.
 Hereof comes it that Prince Harry is valiant; for
 the cold blood he did naturally inherit of his
 father, he hath, like lean, sterile and bare land,
 manured, husbanded and tilled with excellent
 endeavour of drinking good and good store of fertile
 sherris, that he is become very hot and valiant. If
 I had a thousand sons, the first humane principle I
 would teach them should be, to forswear thin
 potations and to addict themselves to sack.
 How now Bardolph?
BARDOLPH The army is discharged all and gone.
FALSTAFF Let them go. I'll through Gloucestershire; and
 there will I visit Master Robert Shallow, esquire:
 I have him already tempering between my finger and
 my thumb, and shortly will I seal with him. Come away.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter KING HENRY IV, the Princes Thomas of CLARENCE
KING HENRY IV Now, lords, if God doth give successful end
 To this debate that bleedeth at our doors,
 We will our youth lead on to higher fields
 And draw no swords but what are sanctified.
 Our navy is address'd, our power collected,
 Our substitutes in absence well invested,
 And every thing lies level to our wish:
 Only, we want a little personal strength;
 And pause us, till these rebels, now afoot,
 Come underneath the yoke of government.
WARWICK Both which we doubt not but your majesty
 Shall soon enjoy.
KING HENRY IV Humphrey, my son of Gloucester,
 Where is the prince your brother?
GLOUCESTER I think he's gone to hunt, my lord, at Windsor.
KING HENRY IV And how accompanied?
GLOUCESTER I do not know, my lord.
KING HENRY IV Is not his brother, Thomas of Clarence, with him?
GLOUCESTER No, my good lord; he is in presence here.
CLARENCE What would my lord and father?
KING HENRY IV Nothing but well to thee, Thomas of Clarence.
 How chance thou art not with the prince thy brother?
 He loves thee, and thou dost neglect him, Thomas;
 Thou hast a better place in his affection
 Than all thy brothers: cherish it, my boy,
 And noble offices thou mayst effect
 Of mediation, after I am dead,
 Between his greatness and thy other brethren:
 Therefore omit him not; blunt not his love,
 Nor lose the good advantage of his grace
 By seeming cold or careless of his will;
 For he is gracious, if he be observed:
 He hath a tear for pity and a hand
 Open as day for melting charity:
 Yet notwithstanding, being incensed, he's flint,
 As humorous as winter and as sudden
 As flaws congealed in the spring of day.
 His temper, therefore, must be well observed:
 Chide him for faults, and do it reverently,
 When thou perceive his blood inclined to mirth;
 But, being moody, give him line and scope,
 Till that his passions, like a whale on ground,
 Confound themselves with working. Learn this, Thomas,
 And thou shalt prove a shelter to thy friends,
 A hoop of gold to bind thy brothers in,
 That the united vessel of their blood,
 Mingled with venom of suggestion
 As, force perforce, the age will pour it in
 Shall never leak, though it do work as strong
 As aconitum or rash gunpowder.
CLARENCE I shall observe him with all care and love.
KING HENRY IV Why art thou not at Windsor with him, Thomas?
CLARENCE He is not there today; he dines in London.
KING HENRY IV And how accompanied? canst thou tell that?
CLARENCE With Poins, and other his continual followers.
KING HENRY IV Most subject is the fattest soil to weeds;
 And he, the noble image of my youth,
 Is overspread with them: therefore my grief
 Stretches itself beyond the hour of death:
 The blood weeps from my heart when I do shape
 In forms imaginary the unguided days
 And rotten times that you shall look upon
 When I am sleeping with my ancestors.
 For when his headstrong riot hath no curb,
 When rage and hot blood are his counsellors,
 When means and lavish manners meet together,
 O, with what wings shall his affections fly
 Towards fronting peril and opposed decay!
WARWICK My gracious lord, you look beyond him quite:
 The prince but studies his companions
 Like a strange tongue, wherein, to gain the language,
 'Tis needful that the most immodest word
 Be look'd upon and learn'd; which once attain'd,
 Your highness knows, comes to no further use
 But to be known and hated. So, like gross terms,
 The prince will in the perfectness of time
 Cast off his followers; and their memory
 Shall as a pattern or a measure live,
 By which his grace must mete the lives of others,
 Turning past evils to advantages.
KING HENRY IV 'Tis seldom when the bee doth leave her comb
 In the dead carrion.
 Who's here? Westmoreland?
WESTMORELAND Health to my sovereign, and new happiness
 Added to that that I am to deliver!
 Prince John your son doth kiss your grace's hand:
 Mowbray, the Bishop Scroop, Hastings and all
 Are brought to the correction of your law;
 There is not now a rebel's sword unsheath'd
 But peace puts forth her olive every where.
 The manner how this action hath been borne
 Here at more leisure may your highness read,
 With every course in his particular.
KING HENRY IV O Westmoreland, thou art a summer bird,
 Which ever in the haunch of winter sings
 The lifting up of day.
 Look, here's more news.
HARCOURT From enemies heaven keep your majesty;
 And, when they stand against you, may they fall
 As those that I am come to tell you of!
 The Earl Northumberland and the Lord Bardolph,
 With a great power of English and of Scots
 Are by the sheriff of Yorkshire overthrown:
 The manner and true order of the fight
 This packet, please it you, contains at large.
KING HENRY IV And wherefore should these good news make me sick?
 Will fortune never come with both hands full,
 But write her fair words still in foulest letters?
 She either gives a stomach and no food;
 Such are the poor, in health; or else a feast
 And takes away the stomach; such are the rich,
 That have abundance and enjoy it not.
 I should rejoice now at this happy news;
 And now my sight fails, and my brain is giddy:
 O me! come near me; now I am much ill.
GLOUCESTER Comfort, your majesty!
CLARENCE O my royal father!
WESTMORELAND My sovereign lord, cheer up yourself, look up.
WARWICK Be patient, princes; you do know, these fits
 Are with his highness very ordinary.
 Stand from him. Give him air; he'll straight be well.
CLARENCE No, no, he cannot long hold out these pangs:
 The incessant care and labour of his mind
 Hath wrought the mure that should confine it in
 So thin that life looks through and will break out.
GLOUCESTER The people fear me; for they do observe
 Unfather'd heirs and loathly births of nature:
 The seasons change their manners, as the year
 Had found some months asleep and leap'd them over.
CLARENCE The river hath thrice flow'd, no ebb between;
 And the old folk, time's doting chronicles,
 Say it did so a little time before
 That our greatgrandsire, Edward, sick'd and died.
WARWICK Speak lower, princes, for the king recovers.
GLOUCESTER This apoplexy will certain be his end.
KING HENRY IV I pray you, take me up, and bear me hence
 Into some other chamber: softly, pray.
 2 KING HENRY IV
 KING HENRY IV lying on a bed: CLARENCE,
KING HENRY IV Let there be no noise made, my gentle friends;
 Unless some dull and favourable hand
 Will whisper music to my weary spirit.
WARWICK Call for the music in the other room.
KING HENRY IV Set me the crown upon my pillow here.
CLARENCE His eye is hollow, and he changes much.
WARWICK Less noise, less noise!
PRINCE HENRY Who saw the Duke of Clarence?
CLARENCE I am here, brother, full of heaviness.
PRINCE HENRY How now! rain within doors, and none abroad!
 How doth the king?
GLOUCESTER Exceeding ill.
PRINCE HENRY Heard he the good news yet?
 Tell it him.
GLOUCESTER He alter'd much upon the hearing it.
PRINCE HENRY If he be sick with joy, he'll recover without physic.
WARWICK Not so much noise, my lords: sweet prince,
 speak low;
 The king your father is disposed to sleep.
CLARENCE Let us withdraw into the other room.
WARWICK Will't please your grace to go along with us?
PRINCE HENRY No; I will sit and watch here by the king.
 Why doth the crown lie there upon his pillow,
 Being so troublesome a bedfellow?
 O polish'd perturbation! golden care!
 That keep'st the ports of slumber open wide
 To many a watchful night! sleep with it now!
 Yet not so sound and half so deeply sweet
 As he whose brow with homely biggen bound
 Snores out the watch of night. O majesty!
 When thou dost pinch thy bearer, thou dost sit
 Like a rich armour worn in heat of day,
 That scalds with safety. By his gates of breath
 There lies a downy feather which stirs not:
 Did he suspire, that light and weightless down
 Perforce must move. My gracious lord! my father!
 This sleep is sound indeed, this is a sleep
 That from this golden rigol hath divorced
 So many English kings. Thy due from me
 Is tears and heavy sorrows of the blood,
 Which nature, love, and filial tenderness,
 Shall, O dear father, pay thee plenteously:
 My due from thee is this imperial crown,
 Which, as immediate as thy place and blood,
 Derives itself to me. Lo, here it sits,
 Which God shall guard: and put the world's whole strength
 Into one giant arm, it shall not force
 This lineal honour from me: this from thee
 Will I to mine leave, as 'tis left to me.
KING HENRY IV Warwick! Gloucester! Clarence!
CLARENCE Doth the king call?
WARWICK What would your majesty? How fares your grace?
KING HENRY IV Why did you leave me here alone, my lords?
CLARENCE We left the prince my brother here, my liege,
 Who undertook to sit and watch by you.
KING HENRY IV The Prince of Wales! Where is he? let me see him:
 He is not here.
WARWICK This door is open; he is gone this way.
GLOUCESTER He came not through the chamber where we stay'd.
KING HENRY IV Where is the crown? who took it from my pillow?
WARWICK When we withdrew, my liege, we left it here.
KING HENRY IV The prince hath ta'en it hence: go, seek him out.
 Is he so hasty that he doth suppose
 My sleep my death?
 Find him, my Lord of Warwick; chide him hither.
 This part of his conjoins with my disease,
 And helps to end me. See, sons, what things you are!
 How quickly nature falls into revolt
 When gold becomes her object!
 For this the foolish overcareful fathers
 Have broke their sleep with thoughts, their brains with care,
 Their bones with industry;
 For this they have engrossed and piled up
 The canker'd heaps of strangeachieved gold;
 For this they have been thoughtful to invest
 Their sons with arts and martial exercises:
 When, like the bee, culling from every flower
 The virtuous sweets,
 Our thighs pack'd with wax, our mouths with honey,
 We bring it to the hive, and, like the bees,
 Are murdered for our pains. This bitter taste
 Yield his engrossments to the ending father.
 Now, where is he that will not stay so long
 Till his friend sickness hath determined me?
WARWICK My lord, I found the prince in the next room,
 Washing with kindly tears his gentle cheeks,
 With such a deep demeanor in great sorrow
 That tyranny, which never quaff'd but blood,
 Would, by beholding him, have wash'd his knife
 With gentle eyedrops. He is coming hither.
KING HENRY IV But wherefore did he take away the crown?
 Lo, where he comes. Come hither to me, Harry.
 Depart the chamber, leave us here alone.
PRINCE HENRY I never thought to hear you speak again.
KING HENRY IV Thy wish was father, Harry, to that thought:
 I stay too long by thee, I weary thee.
 Dost thou so hunger for mine empty chair
 That thou wilt needs invest thee with my honours
 Before thy hour be ripe? O foolish youth!
 Thou seek'st the greatness that will o'erwhelm thee.
 Stay but a little; for my cloud of dignity
 Is held from falling with so weak a wind
 That it will quickly drop: my day is dim.
 Thou hast stolen that which after some few hours
 Were thine without offence; and at my death
 Thou hast seal'd up my expectation:
 Thy life did manifest thou lovedst me not,
 And thou wilt have me die assured of it.
 Thou hidest a thousand daggers in thy thoughts,
 Which thou hast whetted on thy stony heart,
 To stab at half an hour of my life.
 What! canst thou not forbear me half an hour?
 Then get thee gone and dig my grave thyself,
 And bid the merry bells ring to thine ear
 That thou art crowned, not that I am dead.
 Let all the tears that should bedew my hearse
 Be drops of balm to sanctify thy head:
 Only compound me with forgotten dust
 Give that which gave thee life unto the worms.
 Pluck down my officers, break my decrees;
 For now a time is come to mock at form:
 Harry the Fifth is crown'd: up, vanity!
 Down, royal state! all you sage counsellors, hence!
 And to the English court assemble now,
 From every region, apes of idleness!
 Now, neighbour confines, purge you of your scum:
 Have you a ruffian that will swear, drink, dance,
 Revel the night, rob, murder, and commit
 The oldest sins the newest kind of ways?
 Be happy, he will trouble you no more;
 England shall double gild his treble guilt,
 England shall give him office, honour, might;
 For the fifth Harry from curb'd licence plucks
 The muzzle of restraint, and the wild dog
 Shall flesh his tooth on every innocent.
 O my poor kingdom, sick with civil blows!
 When that my care could not withhold thy riots,
 What wilt thou do when riot is thy care?
 O, thou wilt be a wilderness again,
 Peopled with wolves, thy old inhabitants!
PRINCE HENRY O, pardon me, my liege! but for my tears,
 The moist impediments unto my speech,
 I had forestall'd this dear and deep rebuke
 Ere you with grief had spoke and I had heard
 The course of it so far. There is your crown;
 And He that wears the crown immortally
 Long guard it yours! If I affect it more
 Than as your honour and as your renown,
 Let me no more from this obedience rise,
 Which my most inward true and duteous spirit
 Teacheth, this prostrate and exterior bending.
 God witness with me, when I here came in,
 And found no course of breath within your majesty,
 How cold it struck my heart! If I do feign,
 O, let me in my present wildness die
 And never live to show the incredulous world
 The noble change that I have purposed!
 Coming to look on you, thinking you dead,
 And dead almost, my liege, to think you were,
 I spake unto this crown as having sense,
 And thus upbraided it: 'The care on thee depending
 Hath fed upon the body of my father;
 Therefore, thou best of gold art worst of gold:
 Other, less fine in carat, is more precious,
 Preserving life in medicine potable;
 But thou, most fine, most honour'd: most renown'd,
 Hast eat thy bearer up.' Thus, my most royal liege,
 Accusing it, I put it on my head,
 To try with it, as with an enemy
 That had before my face murder'd my father,
 The quarrel of a true inheritor.
 But if it did infect my blood with joy,
 Or swell my thoughts to any strain of pride;
 If any rebel or vain spirit of mine
 Did with the least affection of a welcome
 Give entertainment to the might of it,
 Let God for ever keep it from my head
 And make me as the poorest vassal is
 That doth with awe and terror kneel to it!
KING HENRY IV O my son,
 God put it in thy mind to take it hence,
 That thou mightst win the more thy father's love,
 Pleading so wisely in excuse of it!
 Come hither, Harry, sit thou by my bed;
 And hear, I think, the very latest counsel
 That ever I shall breathe. God knows, my son,
 By what bypaths and indirect crook'd ways
 I met this crown; and I myself know well
 How troublesome it sat upon my head.
 To thee it shall descend with bitter quiet,
 Better opinion, better confirmation;
 For all the soil of the achievement goes
 With me into the earth. It seem'd in me
 But as an honour snatch'd with boisterous hand,
 And I had many living to upbraid
 My gain of it by their assistances;
 Which daily grew to quarrel and to bloodshed,
 Wounding supposed peace: all these bold fears
 Thou see'st with peril I have answered;
 For all my reign hath been but as a scene
 Acting that argument: and now my death
 Changes the mode; for what in me was purchased,
 Falls upon thee in a more fairer sort;
 So thou the garland wear'st successively.
 Yet, though thou stand'st more sure than I could do,
 Thou art not firm enough, since griefs are green;
 And all my friends, which thou must make thy friends,
 Have but their stings and teeth newly ta'en out;
 By whose fell working I was first advanced
 And by whose power I well might lodge a fear
 To be again displaced: which to avoid,
 I cut them off; and had a purpose now
 To lead out many to the Holy Land,
 Lest rest and lying still might make them look
 Too near unto my state. Therefore, my Harry,
 Be it thy course to busy giddy minds
 With foreign quarrels; that action, hence borne out,
 May waste the memory of the former days.
 More would I, but my lungs are wasted so
 That strength of speech is utterly denied me.
 How I came by the crown, O God forgive;
 And grant it may with thee in true peace live!
PRINCE HENRY My gracious liege,
 You won it, wore it, kept it, gave it me;
 Then plain and right must my possession be:
 Which I with more than with a common pain
 'Gainst all the world will rightfully maintain.
KING HENRY IV Look, look, here comes my John of Lancaster.
LANCASTER Health, peace, and happiness to my royal father!
KING HENRY IV Thou bring'st me happiness and peace, son John;
 But health, alack, with youthful wings is flown
 From this bare wither'd trunk: upon thy sight
 My worldly business makes a period.
 Where is my Lord of Warwick?
PRINCE HENRY My Lord of Warwick!
KING HENRY IV Doth any name particular belong
 Unto the lodging where I first did swoon?
WARWICK 'Tis call'd Jerusalem, my noble lord.
KING HENRY IV Laud be to God! even there my life must end.
 It hath been prophesied to me many years,
 I should not die but in Jerusalem;
 Which vainly I supposed the Holy Land:
 But bear me to that chamber; there I'll lie;
 In that Jerusalem shall Harry die.
 2 KING HENRY IV
SHALLOW By cock and pie, sir, you shall not away tonight.
 What, Davy, I say!
FALSTAFF You must excuse me, Master Robert Shallow.
SHALLOW I will not excuse you; you shall not be excused;
 excuses shall not be admitted; there is no excuse
 shall serve; you shall not be excused. Why, Davy!
DAVY Here, sir.
SHALLOW Davy, Davy, Davy, Davy, let me see, Davy; let me
 see, Davy; let me see: yea, marry, William cook,
 bid him come hither. Sir John, you shall not be excused.
DAVY Marry, sir, thus; those precepts cannot be served:
 and, again, sir, shall we sow the headland with wheat?
SHALLOW With red wheat, Davy. But for William cook: are
 there no young pigeons?
DAVY Yes, sir. Here is now the smith's note for shoeing
 and ploughirons.
SHALLOW Let it be cast and paid. Sir John, you shall not be excused.
DAVY Now, sir, a new link to the bucket must need be
 had: and, sir, do you mean to stop any of William's
 wages, about the sack he lost the other day at
 Hinckley fair?
SHALLOW A' shall answer it. Some pigeons, Davy, a couple
 of shortlegged hens, a joint of mutton, and any
 pretty little tiny kickshaws, tell William cook.
DAVY Doth the man of war stay all night, sir?
SHALLOW Yea, Davy. I will use him well: a friend i' the
 court is better than a penny in purse. Use his men
 well, Davy; for they are arrant knaves, and will backbite.
DAVY No worse than they are backbitten, sir; for they
 have marvellous foul linen.
SHALLOW Well conceited, Davy: about thy business, Davy.
DAVY I beseech you, sir, to countenance William Visor of
 Woncot against Clement Perkes of the hill.
SHALLOW There is many complaints, Davy, against that Visor:
 that Visor is an arrant knave, on my knowledge.
DAVY I grant your worship that he is a knave, sir; but
 yet, God forbid, sir, but a knave should have some
 countenance at his friend's request. An honest
 man, sir, is able to speak for himself, when a knave
 is not. I have served your worship truly, sir,
 this eight years; and if I cannot once or twice in
 a quarter bear out a knave against an honest man, I
 have but a very little credit with your worship. The
 knave is mine honest friend, sir; therefore, I
 beseech your worship, let him be countenanced.
SHALLOW Go to; I say he shall have no wrong. Look about, Davy.
 Where are you, Sir John? Come, come, come, off
 with your boots. Give me your hand, Master Bardolph.
BARDOLPH I am glad to see your worship.
SHALLOW I thank thee with all my heart, kind
 Master Bardolph: and welcome, my tall fellow.
 Come, Sir John.
FALSTAFF I'll follow you, good Master Robert Shallow.
 Bardolph, look to our horses.
 If I were sawed into quantities, I should make four
 dozen of such bearded hermits' staves as Master
 Shallow. It is a wonderful thing to see the
 semblable coherence of his men's spirits and his:
 they, by observing of him, do bear themselves like
 foolish justices; he, by conversing with them, is
 turned into a justicelike servingman: their
 spirits are so married in conjunction with the
 participation of society that they flock together in
 consent, like so many wildgeese. If I had a suit
 to Master Shallow, I would humour his men with the
 imputation of being near their master: if to his
 men, I would curry with Master Shallow that no man
 could better command his servants. It is certain
 that either wise bearing or ignorant carriage is
 caught, as men take diseases, one of another:
 therefore let men take heed of their company. I
 will devise matter enough out of this Shallow to
 keep Prince Harry in continual laughter the wearing
 out of six fashions, which is four terms, or two
 actions, and a' shall laugh without intervallums. O,
 it is much that a lie with a slight oath and a jest
 with a sad brow will do with a fellow that never
 had the ache in his shoulders! O, you shall see him
 laugh till his face be like a wet cloak ill laid up!
 Sir John!
FALSTAFF I come, Master Shallow; I come, Master Shallow.
 2 KING HENRY IV
WARWICK How now, my lord chiefjustice! whither away?
Lord ChiefJustice How doth the king?
WARWICK Exceeding well; his cares are now all ended.
Lord ChiefJustice I hope, not dead.
WARWICK He's walk'd the way of nature;
 And to our purposes he lives no more.
Lord ChiefJustice I would his majesty had call'd me with him:
 The service that I truly did his life
 Hath left me open to all injuries.
WARWICK Indeed I think the young king loves you not.
Lord ChiefJustice I know he doth not, and do arm myself
 To welcome the condition of the time,
 Which cannot look more hideously upon me
 Than I have drawn it in my fantasy.
 Enter LANCASTER, CLARENCE, GLOUCESTER,
WARWICK Here come the heavy issue of dead Harry:
 O that the living Harry had the temper
 Of him, the worst of these three gentlemen!
 How many nobles then should hold their places
 That must strike sail to spirits of vile sort!
Lord ChiefJustice O God, I fear all will be overturn'd!
LANCASTER Good morrow, cousin Warwick, good morrow.
LANCASTER We meet like men that had forgot to speak.
WARWICK We do remember; but our argument
 Is all too heavy to admit much talk.
LANCASTER Well, peace be with him that hath made us heavy.
Lord ChiefJustice Peace be with us, lest we be heavier!
GLOUCESTER O, good my lord, you have lost a friend indeed;
 And I dare swear you borrow not that face
 Of seeming sorrow, it is sure your own.
LANCASTER Though no man be assured what grace to find,
 You stand in coldest expectation:
 I am the sorrier; would 'twere otherwise.
CLARENCE Well, you must now speak Sir John Falstaff fair;
 Which swims against your stream of quality.
Lord ChiefJustice Sweet princes, what I did, I did in honour,
 Led by the impartial conduct of my soul:
 And never shall you see that I will beg
 A ragged and forestall'd remission.
 If truth and upright innocency fail me,
 I'll to the king my master that is dead,
 And tell him who hath sent me after him.
WARWICK Here comes the prince.
Lord ChiefJustice Good morrow; and God save your majesty!
KING HENRY V This new and gorgeous garment, majesty,
 Sits not so easy on me as you think.
 Brothers, you mix your sadness with some fear:
 This is the English, not the Turkish court;
 Not Amurath an Amurath succeeds,
 But Harry Harry. Yet be sad, good brothers,
 For, by my faith, it very well becomes you:
 Sorrow so royally in you appears
 That I will deeply put the fashion on
 And wear it in my heart: why then, be sad;
 But entertain no more of it, good brothers,
 Than a joint burden laid upon us all.
 For me, by heaven, I bid you be assured,
 I'll be your father and your brother too;
 Let me but bear your love, I 'll bear your cares:
 Yet weep that Harry's dead; and so will I;
 But Harry lives, that shall convert those tears
 By number into hours of happiness.
Princes We hope no other from your majesty.
KING HENRY V You all look strangely on me: and you most;
 You are, I think, assured I love you not.
Lord ChiefJustice I am assured, if I be measured rightly,
 Your majesty hath no just cause to hate me.
KING HENRY V No!
 How might a prince of my great hopes forget
 So great indignities you laid upon me?
 What! rate, rebuke, and roughly send to prison
 The immediate heir of England! Was this easy?
 May this be wash'd in Lethe, and forgotten?
Lord ChiefJustice I then did use the person of your father;
 The image of his power lay then in me:
 And, in the administration of his law,
 Whiles I was busy for the commonwealth,
 Your highness pleased to forget my place,
 The majesty and power of law and justice,
 The image of the king whom I presented,
 And struck me in my very seat of judgment;
 Whereon, as an offender to your father,
 I gave bold way to my authority
 And did commit you. If the deed were ill,
 Be you contented, wearing now the garland,
 To have a son set your decrees at nought,
 To pluck down justice from your awful bench,
 To trip the course of law and blunt the sword
 That guards the peace and safety of your person;
 Nay, more, to spurn at your most royal image
 And mock your workings in a second body.
 Question your royal thoughts, make the case yours;
 Be now the father and propose a son,
 Hear your own dignity so much profaned,
 See your most dreadful laws so loosely slighted,
 Behold yourself so by a son disdain'd;
 And then imagine me taking your part
 And in your power soft silencing your son:
 After this cold considerance, sentence me;
 And, as you are a king, speak in your state
 What I have done that misbecame my place,
 My person, or my liege's sovereignty.
KING HENRY V You are right, justice, and you weigh this well;
 Therefore still bear the balance and the sword:
 And I do wish your honours may increase,
 Till you do live to see a son of mine
 Offend you and obey you, as I did.
 So shall I live to speak my father's words:
 'Happy am I, that have a man so bold,
 That dares do justice on my proper son;
 And not less happy, having such a son,
 That would deliver up his greatness so
 Into the hands of justice.' You did commit me:
 For which, I do commit into your hand
 The unstained sword that you have used to bear;
 With this remembrance, that you use the same
 With the like bold, just and impartial spirit
 As you have done 'gainst me. There is my hand.
 You shall be as a father to my youth:
 My voice shall sound as you do prompt mine ear,
 And I will stoop and humble my intents
 To your wellpractised wise directions.
 And, princes all, believe me, I beseech you;
 My father is gone wild into his grave,
 For in his tomb lie my affections;
 And with his spirit sadly I survive,
 To mock the expectation of the world,
 To frustrate prophecies and to raze out
 Rotten opinion, who hath writ me down
 After my seeming. The tide of blood in me
 Hath proudly flow'd in vanity till now:
 Now doth it turn and ebb back to the sea,
 Where it shall mingle with the state of floods
 And flow henceforth in formal majesty.
 Now call we our high court of parliament:
 And let us choose such limbs of noble counsel,
 That the great body of our state may go
 In equal rank with the best govern'd nation;
 That war, or peace, or both at once, may be
 As things acquainted and familiar to us;
 In which you, father, shall have foremost hand.
 Our coronation done, we will accite,
 As I before remember'd, all our state:
 And, God consigning to my good intents,
 No prince nor peer shall have just cause to say,
 God shorten Harry's happy life one day!
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter FALSTAFF, SHALLOW, SILENCE, DAVY, BARDOLPH,
SHALLOW Nay, you shall see my orchard, where, in an arbour,
 we will eat a last year's pippin of my own graffing,
 with a dish of caraways, and so forth: come,
 cousin Silence: and then to bed.
FALSTAFF 'Fore God, you have here a goodly dwelling and a rich.
SHALLOW Barren, barren, barren; beggars all, beggars all,
 Sir John: marry, good air. Spread, Davy; spread,
 Davy; well said, Davy.
FALSTAFF This Davy serves you for good uses; he is your
 servingman and your husband.
SHALLOW A good varlet, a good varlet, a very good varlet,
 Sir John: by the mass, I have drunk too much sack
 at supper: a good varlet. Now sit down, now sit
 down: come, cousin.
SILENCE Ah, sirrah! quotha, we shall
 Do nothing but eat, and make good cheer,
 And praise God for the merry year;
 When flesh is cheap and females dear,
 And lusty lads roam here and there
 So merrily,
 And ever among so merrily.
FALSTAFF There's a merry heart! Good Master Silence, I'll
 give you a health for that anon.
SHALLOW Give Master Bardolph some wine, Davy.
DAVY Sweet sir, sit; I'll be with you anon. most sweet
 sir, sit. Master page, good master page, sit.
 Proface! What you want in meat, we'll have in drink:
 but you must bear; the heart's all.
SHALLOW Be merry, Master Bardolph; and, my little soldier
 there, be merry.
SILENCE Be merry, be merry, my wife has all;
 For women are shrews, both short and tall:
 'Tis merry in hall when beards wag all,
 And welcome merry Shrovetide.
 Be merry, be merry.
FALSTAFF I did not think Master Silence had been a man of
 this mettle.
SILENCE Who, I? I have been merry twice and once ere now.
DAVY There's a dish of leathercoats for you.
SHALLOW Davy!
DAVY Your worship! I'll be with you straight.
 A cup of wine, sir?
SILENCE A cup of wine that's brisk and fine,
 And drink unto the leman mine;
 And a merry heart lives longa.
FALSTAFF Well said, Master Silence.
SILENCE An we shall be merry, now comes in the sweet o' the night.
FALSTAFF Health and long life to you, Master Silence.
SILENCE Fill the cup, and let it come;
 I'll pledge you a mile to the bottom.
SHALLOW Honest Bardolph, welcome: if thou wantest any
 thing, and wilt not call, beshrew thy heart.
 Welcome, my little tiny thief.
 And welcome indeed too. I'll drink to Master
 Bardolph, and to all the cavaleros about London.
DAVY I hove to see London once ere I die.
BARDOLPH An I might see you there, Davy,
SHALLOW By the mass, you'll crack a quart together, ha!
 Will you not, Master Bardolph?
BARDOLPH Yea, sir, in a pottlepot.
SHALLOW By God's liggens, I thank thee: the knave will
 stick by thee, I can assure thee that. A' will not
 out; he is true bred.
BARDOLPH And I'll stick by him, sir.
SHALLOW Why, there spoke a king. Lack nothing: be merry.
 Look who's at door there, ho! who knocks?
FALSTAFF Why, now you have done me right.
 Do me right,
 And dub me knight: Samingo.
 Is't not so?
FALSTAFF 'Tis so.
SILENCE Is't so? Why then, say an old man can do somewhat.
DAVY An't please your worship, there's one Pistol come
 from the court with news.
FALSTAFF From the court! let him come in.
 How now, Pistol!
PISTOL Sir John, God save you!
FALSTAFF What wind blew you hither, Pistol?
PISTOL Not the ill wind which blows no man to good. Sweet
 knight, thou art now one of the greatest men in this realm.
SILENCE By'r lady, I think a' be, but goodman Puff of Barson.
PISTOL Puff!
 Puff in thy teeth, most recreant coward base!
 Sir John, I am thy Pistol and thy friend,
 And helterskelter have I rode to thee,
 And tidings do I bring and lucky joys
 And golden times and happy news of price.
FALSTAFF I pray thee now, deliver them like a man of this world.
PISTOL A foutre for the world and worldlings base!
 I speak of Africa and golden joys.
FALSTAFF O base Assyrian knight, what is thy news?
 Let King Cophetua know the truth thereof.
SILENCE And Robin Hood, Scarlet, and John.
PISTOL Shall dunghill curs confront the Helicons?
 And shall good news be baffled?
 Then, Pistol, lay thy head in Furies' lap.
SILENCE Honest gentleman, I know not your breeding.
PISTOL Why then, lament therefore.
SHALLOW Give me pardon, sir: if, sir, you come with news
 from the court, I take it there's but two ways,
 either to utter them, or to conceal them. I am,
 sir, under the king, in some authority.
PISTOL Under which king, Besonian? speak, or die.
SHALLOW Under King Harry.
PISTOL Harry the Fourth? or Fifth?
SHALLOW Harry the Fourth.
PISTOL A foutre for thine office!
 Sir John, thy tender lambkin now is king;
 Harry the Fifth's the man. I speak the truth:
 When Pistol lies, do this; and fig me, like
 The bragging Spaniard.
FALSTAFF What, is the old king dead?
PISTOL As nail in door: the things I speak are just.
FALSTAFF Away, Bardolph! saddle my horse. Master Robert
 Shallow, choose what office thou wilt in the land,
 'tis thine. Pistol, I will doublecharge thee with dignities.
BARDOLPH O joyful day!
 I would not take a knighthood for my fortune.
PISTOL What! I do bring good news.
FALSTAFF Carry Master Silence to bed. Master Shallow, my
 Lord Shallow,be what thou wilt; I am fortune's
 stewardget on thy boots: we'll ride all night.
 O sweet Pistol! Away, Bardolph!
 Come, Pistol, utter more to me; and withal devise
 something to do thyself good. Boot, boot, Master
 Shallow: I know the young king is sick for me. Let
 us take any man's horses; the laws of England are at
 my commandment. Blessed are they that have been my
 friends; and woe to my lord chiefjustice!
PISTOL Let vultures vile seize on his lungs also!
 'Where is the life that late I led?' say they:
 Why, here it is; welcome these pleasant days!
 2 KING HENRY IV
 Enter Beadles, dragging in HOSTESS QUICKLY
MISTRESS QUICKLY No, thou arrant knave; I would to God that I might
 die, that I might have thee hanged: thou hast
 drawn my shoulder out of joint.
First Beadle The constables have delivered her over to me; and
 she shall have whippingcheer enough, I warrant
 her: there hath been a man or two lately killed about her.
DOLL TEARSHEET Nuthook, nuthook, you lie. Come on; I 'll tell
 thee what, thou damned tripevisaged rascal, an
 the child I now go with do miscarry, thou wert
 better thou hadst struck thy mother, thou
 paperfaced villain.
MISTRESS QUICKLY O the Lord, that Sir John were come! he would make
 this a bloody day to somebody. But I pray God the
 fruit of her womb miscarry!
First Beadle If it do, you shall have a dozen of cushions again;
 you have but eleven now. Come, I charge you both go
 with me; for the man is dead that you and Pistol
 beat amongst you.
DOLL TEARSHEET I'll tell you what, you thin man in a censer, I
 will have you as soundly swinged for this,you
 bluebottle rogue, you filthy famished correctioner,
 if you be not swinged, I'll forswear halfkirtles.
First Beadle Come, come, you she knighterrant, come.
MISTRESS QUICKLY O God, that right should thus overcome might!
 Well, of sufferance comes ease.
DOLL TEARSHEET Come, you rogue, come; bring me to a justice.
MISTRESS QUICKLY Ay, come, you starved bloodhound.
DOLL TEARSHEET Goodman death, goodman bones!
MISTRESS QUICKLY Thou atomy, thou!
DOLL TEARSHEET Come, you thin thing; come you rascal.
First Beadle Very well.
 2 KING HENRY IV
First Groom More rushes, more rushes.
Second Groom The trumpets have sounded twice.
First Groom 'Twill be two o'clock ere they come from the
 coronation: dispatch, dispatch.
 Enter FALSTAFF, SHALLOW, PISTOL,
FALSTAFF Stand here by me, Master Robert Shallow; I will
 make the king do you grace: I will leer upon him as
 a' comes by; and do but mark the countenance that he
 will give me.
PISTOL God bless thy lungs, good knight.
FALSTAFF Come here, Pistol; stand behind me. O, if I had had
 time to have made new liveries, I would have
 bestowed the thousand pound I borrowed of you. But
 'tis no matter; this poor show doth better: this
 doth infer the zeal I had to see him.
SHALLOW It doth so.
FALSTAFF It shows my earnestness of affection,
SHALLOW It doth so.
FALSTAFF My devotion,
SHALLOW It doth, it doth, it doth.
FALSTAFF As it were, to ride day and night; and not to
 deliberate, not to remember, not to have patience
 to shift me,
SHALLOW It is best, certain.
FALSTAFF But to stand stained with travel, and sweating with
 desire to see him; thinking of nothing else,
 putting all affairs else in oblivion, as if there
 were nothing else to be done but to see him.
PISTOL 'Tis 'semper idem,' for 'obsque hoc nihil est:'
 'tis all in every part.
SHALLOW 'Tis so, indeed.
PISTOL My knight, I will inflame thy noble liver,
 And make thee rage.
 Thy Doll, and Helen of thy noble thoughts,
 Is in base durance and contagious prison;
 Haled thither
 By most mechanical and dirty hand:
 Rouse up revenge from ebon den with fell
 Alecto's snake,
 For Doll is in. Pistol speaks nought but truth.
FALSTAFF I will deliver her.
PISTOL There roar'd the sea, and trumpetclangor sounds.
 Enter KING HENRY V and his train, the Lord Chief
FALSTAFF God save thy grace, King Hal! my royal Hal!
PISTOL The heavens thee guard and keep, most royal imp of fame!
FALSTAFF God save thee, my sweet boy!
KING HENRY IV My lord chiefjustice, speak to that vain man.
Lord ChiefJustice Have you your wits? know you what 'tis to speak?
FALSTAFF My king! my Jove! I speak to thee, my heart!
KING HENRY IV I know thee not, old man: fall to thy prayers;
 How ill white hairs become a fool and jester!
 I have long dream'd of such a kind of man,
 So surfeitswell'd, so old and so profane;
 But, being awaked, I do despise my dream.
 Make less thy body hence, and more thy grace;
 Leave gormandizing; know the grave doth gape
 For thee thrice wider than for other men.
 Reply not to me with a foolborn jest:
 Presume not that I am the thing I was;
 For God doth know, so shall the world perceive,
 That I have turn'd away my former self;
 So will I those that kept me company.
 When thou dost hear I am as I have been,
 Approach me, and thou shalt be as thou wast,
 The tutor and the feeder of my riots:
 Till then, I banish thee, on pain of death,
 As I have done the rest of my misleaders,
 Not to come near our person by ten mile.
 For competence of life I will allow you,
 That lack of means enforce you not to evil:
 And, as we hear you do reform yourselves,
 We will, according to your strengths and qualities,
 Give you advancement. Be it your charge, my lord,
 To see perform'd the tenor of our word. Set on.
FALSTAFF Master Shallow, I owe you a thousand pound.
SHALLOW Yea, marry, Sir John; which I beseech you to let me
 have home with me.
FALSTAFF That can hardly be, Master Shallow. Do not you
 grieve at this; I shall be sent for in private to
 him: look you, he must seem thus to the world:
 fear not your advancements; I will be the man yet
 that shall make you great.
SHALLOW I cannot well perceive how, unless you should give
 me your doublet and stuff me out with straw. I
 beseech you, good Sir John, let me have five hundred
 of my thousand.
FALSTAFF Sir, I will be as good as my word: this that you
 heard was but a colour.
SHALLOW A colour that I fear you will die in, Sir John.
FALSTAFF Fear no colours: go with me to dinner: come,
 Lieutenant Pistol; come, Bardolph: I shall be sent
 for soon at night.
 Reenter Prince John of LANCASTER, the Lord
Lord ChiefJustice Go, carry Sir John Falstaff to the Fleet:
 Take all his company along with him.
FALSTAFF My lord, my lord,
Lord ChiefJustice I cannot now speak: I will hear you soon.
 Take them away.
PISTOL Si fortune me tormenta, spero contenta.
 Exeunt all but PRINCE JOHN and the Lord
LANCASTER I like this fair proceeding of the king's:
 He hath intent his wonted followers
 Shall all be very well provided for;
 But all are banish'd till their conversations
 Appear more wise and modest to the world.
Lord ChiefJustice And so they are.
LANCASTER The king hath call'd his parliament, my lord.
Lord ChiefJustice He hath.
LANCASTER I will lay odds that, ere this year expire,
 We bear our civil swords and native fire
 As far as France: I beard a bird so sing,
 Whose music, to my thinking, pleased the king.
 Come, will you hence?
 2 KING HENRY IV
 EPILOGUE
 First my fear; then my courtesy; last my speech.
 My fear is, your displeasure; my courtesy, my duty;
 and my speech, to beg your pardons. If you look
 for a good speech now, you undo me: for what I have
 to say is of mine own making; and what indeed I
 should say will, I doubt, prove mine own marring.
 But to the purpose, and so to the venture. Be it
 known to you, as it is very well, I was lately here
 in the end of a displeasing play, to pray your
 patience for it and to promise you a better. I
 meant indeed to pay you with this; which, if like an
 ill venture it come unluckily home, I break, and
 you, my gentle creditors, lose. Here I promised you
 I would be and here I commit my body to your
 mercies: bate me some and I will pay you some and,
 as most debtors do, promise you infinitely.
 If my tongue cannot entreat you to acquit me, will
 you command me to use my legs? and yet that were but
 light payment, to dance out of your debt. But a
 good conscience will make any possible satisfaction,
 and so would I. All the gentlewomen here have
 forgiven me: if the gentlemen will not, then the
 gentlemen do not agree with the gentlewomen, which
 was never seen before in such an assembly.
 One word more, I beseech you. If you be not too
 much cloyed with fat meat, our humble author will
 continue the story, with Sir John in it, and make
 you merry with fair Katharine of France: where, for
 any thing I know, Falstaff shall die of a sweat,
 unless already a' be killed with your hard
 opinions; for Oldcastle died a martyr, and this is
 not the man. My tongue is weary; when my legs are
 too, I will bid you good night: and so kneel down
 before you; but, indeed, to pray for the queen.
 2 KING HENRY VI
 DRAMATIS PERSONAE
KING HENRY
the Sixth 
HUMPHREY Duke of Gloucester, his uncle. 
CARDINAL BEAUFORT Bishop of Winchester, greatuncle to the King.
 
RICHARD
PLANTAGENET Duke of York. 
DUKE OF SOMERSET 
DUKE OF SUFFOLK 
DUKE OF BUCKINGHAM 
LORD CLIFFORD 
YOUNG CLIFFORD his son.
EARL OF SALISBURY 
EARL OF WARWICK 
LORD SCALES 
LORD SAY 
SIR HUMPHREY
STAFFORD 
WILLIAM STAFFORD Sir Humphrey Stafford's brother.
SIR JOHN STANLEY 
VAUX:
MATTHEW GOFFE:
 A Seacaptain, Master, and Master'sMate.
WALTER WHITMORE:
 Two Gentlemen, prisoners with Suffolk.
 
 
BOLINGBROKE a conjurer.
THOMAS HORNER an armourer. 
PETER Thomas Horner's man.
 Clerk of Chatham. 
 Mayor of Saint Alban's. 
SIMPCOX an impostor.
ALEXANDER IDEN a Kentish gentleman. 
JACK CADE a rebel. 
 Two Murderers
 
 
QUEEN MARGARET Queen to King Henry.
ELEANOR Duchess of Gloucester. 
MARGARET JOURDAIN a witch.
 Wife to Simpcox 
 Lords, Ladies, and Attendants. Petitioners,
 Aldermen, a Herald, a Beadle, Sheriff, and
 Officers, Citizens, 'Prentices, Falconers,
 Guards, Soldiers, Messengers, &c.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A Spirit. 
 2 KING HENRY VI
 Flourish of trumpets: then hautboys. Enter KING
 HENRY VI, GLOUCESTER, SALISBURY, WARWICK, and
 CARDINAL, on the one side; QUEEN MARGARET, SUFFOLK,
SUFFOLK As by your high imperial majesty
 I had in charge at my depart for France,
 As procurator to your excellence,
 To marry Princess Margaret for your grace,
 So, in the famous ancient city, Tours,
 In presence of the Kings of France and Sicil,
 The Dukes of Orleans, Calaber, Bretagne and Alencon,
 Seven earls, twelve barons and twenty reverend bishops,
 I have perform'd my task and was espoused:
 And humbly now upon my bended knee,
 In sight of England and her lordly peers,
 Deliver up my title in the queen
 To your most gracious hands, that are the substance
 Of that great shadow I did represent;
 The happiest gift that ever marquess gave,
 The fairest queen that ever king received.
KING HENRY VI Suffolk, arise. Welcome, Queen Margaret:
 I can express no kinder sign of love
 Than this kind kiss. O Lord, that lends me life,
 Lend me a heart replete with thankfulness!
 For thou hast given me in this beauteous face
 A world of earthly blessings to my soul,
 If sympathy of love unite our thoughts.
QUEEN MARGARET Great King of England and my gracious lord,
 The mutual conference that my mind hath had,
 By day, by night, waking and in my dreams,
 In courtly company or at my beads,
 With you, mine alderliefest sovereign,
 Makes me the bolder to salute my king
 With ruder terms, such as my wit affords
 And overjoy of heart doth minister.
KING HENRY VI Her sight did ravish; but her grace in speech,
 Her words yclad with wisdom's majesty,
 Makes me from wondering fall to weeping joys;
 Such is the fulness of my heart's content.
 Lords, with one cheerful voice welcome my love.
 Long live Queen Margaret, England's
 happiness!
QUEEN MARGARET We thank you all.
SUFFOLK My lord protector, so it please your grace,
 Here are the articles of contracted peace
 Between our sovereign and the French king Charles,
 For eighteen months concluded by consent.
 'Imprimis, it is agreed between the French
 king Charles, and William de la Pole, Marquess of
 Suffolk, ambassador for Henry King of England, that
 the said Henry shall espouse the Lady Margaret,
 daughter unto Reignier King of Naples, Sicilia and
 Jerusalem, and crown her Queen of England ere the
 thirtieth of May next ensuing. Item, that the duchy
 of Anjou and the county of Maine shall be released
 and delivered to the king her father'
KING HENRY VI Uncle, how now!
GLOUCESTER Pardon me, gracious lord;
 Some sudden qualm hath struck me at the heart
 And dimm'd mine eyes, that I can read no further.
KING HENRY VI Uncle of Winchester, I pray, read on.
 'Item, It is further agreed between them,
 that the duchies of Anjou and Maine shall be
 released and delivered over to the king her father,
 and she sent over of the King of England's own
 proper cost and charges, without having any dowry.'
KING HENRY VI They please us well. Lord marquess, kneel down:
 We here create thee the first duke of Suffolk,
 And gird thee with the sword. Cousin of York,
 We here discharge your grace from being regent
 I' the parts of France, till term of eighteen months
 Be full expired. Thanks, uncle Winchester,
 Gloucester, York, Buckingham, Somerset,
 Salisbury, and Warwick;
 We thank you all for the great favour done,
 In entertainment to my princely queen.
 Come, let us in, and with all speed provide
 To see her coronation be perform'd.
GLOUCESTER Brave peers of England, pillars of the state,
 To you Duke Humphrey must unload his grief,
 Your grief, the common grief of all the land.
 What! did my brother Henry spend his youth,
 His valour, coin and people, in the wars?
 Did he so often lodge in open field,
 In winter's cold and summer's parching heat,
 To conquer France, his true inheritance?
 And did my brother Bedford toil his wits,
 To keep by policy what Henry got?
 Have you yourselves, Somerset, Buckingham,
 Brave York, Salisbury, and victorious Warwick,
 Received deep scars in France and Normandy?
 Or hath mine uncle Beaufort and myself,
 With all the learned council of the realm,
 Studied so long, sat in the councilhouse
 Early and late, debating to and fro
 How France and Frenchmen might be kept in awe,
 And had his highness in his infancy
 Crowned in Paris in despite of foes?
 And shall these labours and these honours die?
 Shall Henry's conquest, Bedford's vigilance,
 Your deeds of war and all our counsel die?
 O peers of England, shameful is this league!
 Fatal this marriage, cancelling your fame,
 Blotting your names from books of memory,
 Razing the characters of your renown,
 Defacing monuments of conquer'd France,
 Undoing all, as all had never been!
CARDINAL Nephew, what means this passionate discourse,
 This peroration with such circumstance?
 For France, 'tis ours; and we will keep it still.
GLOUCESTER Ay, uncle, we will keep it, if we can;
 But now it is impossible we should:
 Suffolk, the newmade duke that rules the roast,
 Hath given the duchy of Anjou and Maine
 Unto the poor King Reignier, whose large style
 Agrees not with the leanness of his purse.
SALISBURY Now, by the death of Him that died for all,
 These counties were the keys of Normandy.
 But wherefore weeps Warwick, my valiant son?
WARWICK For grief that they are past recovery:
 For, were there hope to conquer them again,
 My sword should shed hot blood, mine eyes no tears.
 Anjou and Maine! myself did win them both;
 Those provinces these arms of mine did conquer:
 And are the cities, that I got with wounds,
 Delivered up again with peaceful words?
 Mort Dieu!
YORK For Suffolk's duke, may he be suffocate,
 That dims the honour of this warlike isle!
 France should have torn and rent my very heart,
 Before I would have yielded to this league.
 I never read but England's kings have had
 Large sums of gold and dowries with their wives:
 And our King Henry gives away his own,
 To match with her that brings no vantages.
GLOUCESTER A proper jest, and never heard before,
 That Suffolk should demand a whole fifteenth
 For costs and charges in transporting her!
 She should have stayed in France and starved
 in France, Before
CARDINAL My Lord of Gloucester, now ye grow too hot:
 It was the pleasure of my lord the King.
GLOUCESTER My Lord of Winchester, I know your mind;
 'Tis not my speeches that you do mislike,
 But 'tis my presence that doth trouble ye.
 Rancour will out: proud prelate, in thy face
 I see thy fury: if I longer stay,
 We shall begin our ancient bickerings.
 Lordings, farewell; and say, when I am gone,
 I prophesied France will be lost ere long.
CARDINAL So, there goes our protector in a rage.
 'Tis known to you he is mine enemy,
 Nay, more, an enemy unto you all,
 And no great friend, I fear me, to the king.
 Consider, lords, he is the next of blood,
 And heir apparent to the English crown:
 Had Henry got an empire by his marriage,
 And all the wealthy kingdoms of the west,
 There's reason he should be displeased at it.
 Look to it, lords! let not his smoothing words
 Bewitch your hearts; be wise and circumspect.
 What though the common people favour him,
 Calling him 'Humphrey, the good Duke of
 Gloucester,'
 Clapping their hands, and crying with loud voice,
 'Jesu maintain your royal excellence!'
 With 'God preserve the good Duke Humphrey!'
 I fear me, lords, for all this flattering gloss,
 He will be found a dangerous protector.
BUCKINGHAM Why should he, then, protect our sovereign,
 He being of age to govern of himself?
 Cousin of Somerset, join you with me,
 And all together, with the Duke of Suffolk,
 We'll quickly hoise Duke Humphrey from his seat.
CARDINAL This weighty business will not brook delay:
 I'll to the Duke of Suffolk presently.
SOMERSET Cousin of Buckingham, though Humphrey's pride
 And greatness of his place be grief to us,
 Yet let us watch the haughty cardinal:
 His insolence is more intolerable
 Than all the princes in the land beside:
 If Gloucester be displaced, he'll be protector.
BUCKINGHAM Or thou or I, Somerset, will be protector,
 Despite Duke Humphrey or the cardinal.
SALISBURY Pride went before, ambition follows him.
 While these do labour for their own preferment,
 Behoves it us to labour for the realm.
 I never saw but Humphrey Duke of Gloucester
 Did bear him like a noble gentleman.
 Oft have I seen the haughty cardinal,
 More like a soldier than a man o' the church,
 As stout and proud as he were lord of all,
 Swear like a ruffian and demean himself
 Unlike the ruler of a commonweal.
 Warwick, my son, the comfort of my age,
 Thy deeds, thy plainness and thy housekeeping,
 Hath won the greatest favour of the commons,
 Excepting none but good Duke Humphrey:
 And, brother York, thy acts in Ireland,
 In bringing them to civil discipline,
 Thy late exploits done in the heart of France,
 When thou wert regent for our sovereign,
 Have made thee fear'd and honour'd of the people:
 Join we together, for the public good,
 In what we can, to bridle and suppress
 The pride of Suffolk and the cardinal,
 With Somerset's and Buckingham's ambition;
 And, as we may, cherish Duke Humphrey's deeds,
 While they do tend the profit of the land.
WARWICK So God help Warwick, as he loves the land,
 And common profit of his country!
 And so says York, for he hath greatest cause.
SALISBURY Then let's make haste away, and look unto the main.
WARWICK Unto the main! O father, Maine is lost;
 That Maine which by main force Warwick did win,
 And would have kept so long as breath did last!
 Main chance, father, you meant; but I meant Maine,
 Which I will win from France, or else be slain,
YORK Anjou and Maine are given to the French;
 Paris is lost; the state of Normandy
 Stands on a tickle point, now they are gone:
 Suffolk concluded on the articles,
 The peers agreed, and Henry was well pleased
 To change two dukedoms for a duke's fair daughter.
 I cannot blame them all: what is't to them?
 'Tis thine they give away, and not their own.
 Pirates may make cheap pennyworths of their pillage
 And purchase friends and give to courtezans,
 Still revelling like lords till all be gone;
 While as the silly owner of the goods
 Weeps over them and wrings his hapless hands
 And shakes his head and trembling stands aloof,
 While all is shared and all is borne away,
 Ready to starve and dare not touch his own:
 So York must sit and fret and bite his tongue,
 While his own lands are bargain'd for and sold.
 Methinks the realms of England, France and Ireland
 Bear that proportion to my flesh and blood
 As did the fatal brand Althaea burn'd
 Unto the prince's heart of Calydon.
 Anjou and Maine both given unto the French!
 Cold news for me, for I had hope of France,
 Even as I have of fertile England's soil.
 A day will come when York shall claim his own;
 And therefore I will take the Nevils' parts
 And make a show of love to proud Duke Humphrey,
 And, when I spy advantage, claim the crown,
 For that's the golden mark I seek to hit:
 Nor shall proud Lancaster usurp my right,
 Nor hold the sceptre in his childish fist,
 Nor wear the diadem upon his head,
 Whose churchlike humours fits not for a crown.
 Then, York, be still awhile, till time do serve:
 Watch thou and wake when others be asleep,
 To pry into the secrets of the state;
 Till Henry, surfeiting in joys of love,
 With his new bride and England's dearbought queen,
 And Humphrey with the peers be fall'n at jars:
 Then will I raise aloft the milkwhite rose,
 With whose sweet smell the air shall be perfumed;
 And in my standard bear the arms of York
 To grapple with the house of Lancaster;
 And, force perforce, I'll make him yield the crown,
 Whose bookish rule hath pull'd fair England down.
 2 KING HENRY VI
DUCHESS Why droops my lord, like overripen'd corn,
 Hanging the head at Ceres' plenteous load?
 Why doth the great Duke Humphrey knit his brows,
 As frowning at the favours of the world?
 Why are thine eyes fixed to the sullen earth,
 Gazing on that which seems to dim thy sight?
 What seest thou there? King Henry's diadem,
 Enchased with all the honours of the world?
 If so, gaze on, and grovel on thy face,
 Until thy head be circled with the same.
 Put forth thy hand, reach at the glorious gold.
 What, is't too short? I'll lengthen it with mine:
 And, having both together heaved it up,
 We'll both together lift our heads to heaven,
 And never more abase our sight so low
 As to vouchsafe one glance unto the ground.
GLOUCESTER O Nell, sweet Nell, if thou dost love thy lord,
 Banish the canker of ambitious thoughts.
 And may that thought, when I imagine ill
 Against my king and nephew, virtuous Henry,
 Be my last breathing in this mortal world!
 My troublous dream this night doth make me sad.
DUCHESS What dream'd my lord? tell me, and I'll requite it
 With sweet rehearsal of my morning's dream.
GLOUCESTER Methought this staff, mine officebadge in court,
 Was broke in twain; by whom I have forgot,
 But, as I think, it was by the cardinal;
 And on the pieces of the broken wand
 Were placed the heads of Edmund Duke of Somerset,
 And William de la Pole, first duke of Suffolk.
 This was my dream: what it doth bode, God knows.
DUCHESS Tut, this was nothing but an argument
 That he that breaks a stick of Gloucester's grove
 Shall lose his head for his presumption.
 But list to me, my Humphrey, my sweet duke:
 Methought I sat in seat of majesty
 In the cathedral church of Westminster,
 And in that chair where kings and queens are crown'd;
 Where Henry and dame Margaret kneel'd to me
 And on my head did set the diadem.
GLOUCESTER Nay, Eleanor, then must I chide outright:
 Presumptuous dame, illnurtured Eleanor,
 Art thou not second woman in the realm,
 And the protector's wife, beloved of him?
 Hast thou not worldly pleasure at command,
 Above the reach or compass of thy thought?
 And wilt thou still be hammering treachery,
 To tumble down thy husband and thyself
 From top of honour to disgrace's feet?
 Away from me, and let me hear no more!
DUCHESS What, what, my lord! are you so choleric
 With Eleanor, for telling but her dream?
 Next time I'll keep my dreams unto myself,
 And not be cheque'd.
GLOUCESTER Nay, be not angry; I am pleased again.
Messenger My lord protector, 'tis his highness' pleasure
 You do prepare to ride unto Saint Alban's,
 Where as the king and queen do mean to hawk.
GLOUCESTER I go. Come, Nell, thou wilt ride with us?
DUCHESS Yes, my good lord, I'll follow presently.
 Follow I must; I cannot go before,
 While Gloucester bears this base and humble mind.
 Were I a man, a duke, and next of blood,
 I would remove these tedious stumblingblocks
 And smooth my way upon their headless necks;
 And, being a woman, I will not be slack
 To play my part in Fortune's pageant.
 Where are you there? Sir John! nay, fear not, man,
 We are alone; here's none but thee and I.
HUME Jesus preserve your royal majesty!
DUCHESS What say'st thou? majesty! I am but grace.
HUME But, by the grace of God, and Hume's advice,
 Your grace's title shall be multiplied.
DUCHESS What say'st thou, man? hast thou as yet conferr'd
 With Margery Jourdain, the cunning witch,
 With Roger Bolingbroke, the conjurer?
 And will they undertake to do me good?
HUME This they have promised, to show your highness
 A spirit raised from depth of underground,
 That shall make answer to such questions
 As by your grace shall be propounded him.
DUCHESS It is enough; I'll think upon the questions:
 When from St. Alban's we do make return,
 We'll see these things effected to the full.
 Here, Hume, take this reward; make merry, man,
 With thy confederates in this weighty cause.
HUME Hume must make merry with the duchess' gold;
 Marry, and shall. But how now, Sir John Hume!
 Seal up your lips, and give no words but mum:
 The business asketh silent secrecy.
 Dame Eleanor gives gold to bring the witch:
 Gold cannot come amiss, were she a devil.
 Yet have I gold flies from another coast;
 I dare not say, from the rich cardinal
 And from the great and newmade Duke of Suffolk,
 Yet I do find it so; for to be plain,
 They, knowing Dame Eleanor's aspiring humour,
 Have hired me to undermine the duchess
 And buz these conjurations in her brain.
 They say 'A crafty knave does need no broker;'
 Yet am I Suffolk and the cardinal's broker.
 Hume, if you take not heed, you shall go near
 To call them both a pair of crafty knaves.
 Well, so it stands; and thus, I fear, at last
 Hume's knavery will be the duchess' wreck,
 And her attainture will be Humphrey's fall:
 Sort how it will, I shall have gold for all.
 2 KING HENRY VI
 Enter three or four Petitioners, PETER, the
First Petitioner My masters, let's stand close: my lord protector
 will come this way by and by, and then we may deliver
 our supplications in the quill.
Second Petitioner Marry, the Lord protect him, for he's a good man!
 Jesu bless him!
PETER Here a' comes, methinks, and the queen with him.
 I'll be the first, sure.
Second Petitioner Come back, fool; this is the Duke of Suffolk, and
 not my lord protector.
SUFFOLK How now, fellow! would'st anything with me?
First Petitioner I pray, my lord, pardon me; I took ye for my lord
 protector.
 'To my Lord Protector!' Are your
 supplications to his lordship? Let me see them:
 what is thine?
First Petitioner Mine is, an't please your grace, against John
 Goodman, my lord cardinal's man, for keeping my
 house, and lands, and wife and all, from me.
SUFFOLK Thy wife, too! that's some wrong, indeed. What's
 yours? What's here!
 'Against the Duke of Suffolk, for enclosing the
 commons of Melford.' How now, sir knave!
Second Petitioner Alas, sir, I am but a poor petitioner of our whole township.
 Against my master, Thomas
 Horner, for saying that the Duke of York was rightful
 heir to the crown.
QUEEN MARGARET What sayst thou? did the Duke of York say he was
 rightful heir to the crown?
PETER That my master was? no, forsooth: my master said
 that he was, and that the king was an usurper.
SUFFOLK Who is there?
 Take this fellow in, and send for
 his master with a pursuivant presently: we'll hear
 more of your matter before the King.
QUEEN MARGARET And as for you, that love to be protected
 Under the wings of our protector's grace,
 Begin your suits anew, and sue to him.
 Away, base cullions! Suffolk, let them go.
ALL Come, let's be gone.
QUEEN MARGARET My Lord of Suffolk, say, is this the guise,
 Is this the fashion in the court of England?
 Is this the government of Britain's isle,
 And this the royalty of Albion's king?
 What shall King Henry be a pupil still
 Under the surly Gloucester's governance?
 Am I a queen in title and in style,
 And must be made a subject to a duke?
 I tell thee, Pole, when in the city Tours
 Thou ran'st a tilt in honour of my love
 And stolest away the ladies' hearts of France,
 I thought King Henry had resembled thee
 In courage, courtship and proportion:
 But all his mind is bent to holiness,
 To number AveMaries on his beads;
 His champions are the prophets and apostles,
 His weapons holy saws of sacred writ,
 His study is his tiltyard, and his loves
 Are brazen images of canonized saints.
 I would the college of the cardinals
 Would choose him pope, and carry him to Rome,
 And set the triple crown upon his head:
 That were a state fit for his holiness.
SUFFOLK Madam, be patient: as I was cause
 Your highness came to England, so will I
 In England work your grace's full content.
QUEEN MARGARET Beside the haughty protector, have we Beaufort,
 The imperious churchman, Somerset, Buckingham,
 And grumbling York: and not the least of these
 But can do more in England than the king.
SUFFOLK And he of these that can do most of all
 Cannot do more in England than the Nevils:
 Salisbury and Warwick are no simple peers.
QUEEN MARGARET Not all these lords do vex me half so much
 As that proud dame, the lord protector's wife.
 She sweeps it through the court with troops of ladies,
 More like an empress than Duke Humphrey's wife:
 Strangers in court do take her for the queen:
 She bears a duke's revenues on her back,
 And in her heart she scorns our poverty:
 Shall I not live to be avenged on her?
 Contemptuous baseborn callet as she is,
 She vaunted 'mongst her minions t'other day,
 The very train of her worst wearing gown
 Was better worth than all my father's lands,
 Till Suffolk gave two dukedoms for his daughter.
SUFFOLK Madam, myself have limed a bush for her,
 And placed a quire of such enticing birds,
 That she will light to listen to the lays,
 And never mount to trouble you again.
 So, let her rest: and, madam, list to me;
 For I am bold to counsel you in this.
 Although we fancy not the cardinal,
 Yet must we join with him and with the lords,
 Till we have brought Duke Humphrey in disgrace.
 As for the Duke of York, this late complaint
 Will make but little for his benefit.
 So, one by one, we'll weed them all at last,
 And you yourself shall steer the happy helm.
 Sound a sennet. Enter KING HENRY VI, GLOUCESTER,
 CARDINAL, BUCKINGHAM, YORK, SOMERSET, SALISBURY,
KING HENRY VI For my part, noble lords, I care not which;
 Or Somerset or York, all's one to me.
YORK If York have ill demean'd himself in France,
 Then let him be denay'd the regentship.
SOMERSET If Somerset be unworthy of the place,
 Let York be regent; I will yield to him.
WARWICK Whether your grace be worthy, yea or no,
 Dispute not that: York is the worthier.
CARDINAL Ambitious Warwick, let thy betters speak.
WARWICK The cardinal's not my better in the field.
BUCKINGHAM All in this presence are thy betters, Warwick.
WARWICK Warwick may live to be the best of all.
SALISBURY Peace, son! and show some reason, Buckingham,
 Why Somerset should be preferred in this.
QUEEN MARGARET Because the king, forsooth, will have it so.
GLOUCESTER Madam, the king is old enough himself
 To give his censure: these are no women's matters.
QUEEN MARGARET If he be old enough, what needs your grace
 To be protector of his excellence?
GLOUCESTER Madam, I am protector of the realm;
 And, at his pleasure, will resign my place.
SUFFOLK Resign it then and leave thine insolence.
 Since thou wert kingas who is king but thou?
 The commonwealth hath daily run to wreck;
 The Dauphin hath prevail'd beyond the seas;
 And all the peers and nobles of the realm
 Have been as bondmen to thy sovereignty.
CARDINAL The commons hast thou rack'd; the clergy's bags
 Are lank and lean with thy extortions.
SOMERSET Thy sumptuous buildings and thy wife's attire
 Have cost a mass of public treasury.
BUCKINGHAM Thy cruelty in execution
 Upon offenders, hath exceeded law,
 And left thee to the mercy of the law.
QUEEN MARGARET They sale of offices and towns in France,
 If they were known, as the suspect is great,
 Would make thee quickly hop without thy head.
 Give me my fan: what, minion! can ye not?
 I cry you mercy, madam; was it you?
DUCHESS Was't I! yea, I it was, proud Frenchwoman:
 Could I come near your beauty with my nails,
 I'd set my ten commandments in your face.
KING HENRY VI Sweet aunt, be quiet; 'twas against her will.
DUCHESS Against her will! good king, look to't in time;
 She'll hamper thee, and dandle thee like a baby:
 Though in this place most master wear no breeches,
 She shall not strike Dame Eleanor unrevenged.
BUCKINGHAM Lord cardinal, I will follow Eleanor,
 And listen after Humphrey, how he proceeds:
 She's tickled now; her fume needs no spurs,
 She'll gallop far enough to her destruction.
GLOUCESTER Now, lords, my choler being overblown
 With walking once about the quadrangle,
 I come to talk of commonwealth affairs.
 As for your spiteful false objections,
 Prove them, and I lie open to the law:
 But God in mercy so deal with my soul,
 As I in duty love my king and country!
 But, to the matter that we have in hand:
 I say, my sovereign, York is meetest man
 To be your regent in the realm of France.
SUFFOLK Before we make election, give me leave
 To show some reason, of no little force,
 That York is most unmeet of any man.
YORK I'll tell thee, Suffolk, why I am unmeet:
 First, for I cannot flatter thee in pride;
 Next, if I be appointed for the place,
 My Lord of Somerset will keep me here,
 Without discharge, money, or furniture,
 Till France be won into the Dauphin's hands:
 Last time, I danced attendance on his will
 Till Paris was besieged, famish'd, and lost.
WARWICK That can I witness; and a fouler fact
 Did never traitor in the land commit.
SUFFOLK Peace, headstrong Warwick!
WARWICK Image of pride, why should I hold my peace?
 Enter HORNER, the Armourer, and his man
SUFFOLK Because here is a man accused of treason:
 Pray God the Duke of York excuse himself!
YORK Doth any one accuse York for a traitor?
KING HENRY VI What mean'st thou, Suffolk; tell me, what are these?
SUFFOLK Please it your majesty, this is the man
 That doth accuse his master of high treason:
 His words were these: that Richard, Duke of York,
 Was rightful heir unto the English crown
 And that your majesty was a usurper.
KING HENRY VI Say, man, were these thy words?
HORNER An't shall please your majesty, I never said nor
 thought any such matter: God is my witness, I am
 falsely accused by the villain.
PETER By these ten bones, my lords, he did speak them to
 me in the garret one night, as we were scouring my
 Lord of York's armour.
YORK Base dunghill villain and mechanical,
 I'll have thy head for this thy traitor's speech.
 I do beseech your royal majesty,
 Let him have all the rigor of the law.
HORNER Alas, my lord, hang me, if ever I spake the words.
 My accuser is my 'prentice; and when I did correct
 him for his fault the other day, he did vow upon his
 knees he would be even with me: I have good
 witness of this: therefore I beseech your majesty,
 do not cast away an honest man for a villain's
 accusation.
KING HENRY VI Uncle, what shall we say to this in law?
GLOUCESTER This doom, my lord, if I may judge:
 Let Somerset be regent over the French,
 Because in York this breeds suspicion:
 And let these have a day appointed them
 For single combat in convenient place,
 For he hath witness of his servant's malice:
 This is the law, and this Duke Humphrey's doom.
SOMERSET I humbly thank your royal majesty.
HORNER And I accept the combat willingly.
PETER Alas, my lord, I cannot fight; for God's sake, pity
 my case. The spite of man prevaileth against me. O
 Lord, have mercy upon me! I shall never be able to
 fight a blow. O Lord, my heart!
GLOUCESTER Sirrah, or you must fight, or else be hang'd.
KING HENRY VI Away with them to prison; and the day of combat
 shall be the last of the next month. Come,
 Somerset, we'll see thee sent away.
 2 KING HENRY VI
 Enter MARGARET JOURDAIN, HUME, SOUTHWELL, and
HUME Come, my masters; the duchess, I tell you, expects
 performance of your promises.
BOLINGBROKE Master Hume, we are therefore provided: will her
 ladyship behold and hear our exorcisms?
HUME Ay, what else? fear you not her courage.
BOLINGBROKE I have heard her reported to be a woman of an
 invincible spirit: but it shall be convenient,
 Master Hume, that you be by her aloft, while we be
 busy below; and so, I pray you, go, in God's name,
 and leave us.
 Mother Jourdain, be you
 prostrate and grovel on the earth; John Southwell,
 read you; and let us to our work.
DUCHESS Well said, my masters; and welcome all. To this
 gear the sooner the better.
BOLINGBROKE Patience, good lady; wizards know their times:
 Deep night, dark night, the silent of the night,
 The time of night when Troy was set on fire;
 The time when screechowls cry and bandogs howl,
 And spirits walk and ghosts break up their graves,
 That time best fits the work we have in hand.
 Madam, sit you and fear not: whom we raise,
 We will make fast within a hallow'd verge.
 Here they do the ceremonies belonging, and make the
 circle; BOLINGBROKE or SOUTHWELL reads, Conjuro te,
 &c. It thunders and lightens terribly; then the
Spirit Adsum.
MARGARET JOURDAIN Asmath,
 By the eternal God, whose name and power
 Thou tremblest at, answer that I shall ask;
 For, till thou speak, thou shalt not pass from hence.
Spirit Ask what thou wilt. That I had said and done!
BOLINGBROKE 'First of the king: what shall of him become?'
Spirit The duke yet lives that Henry shall depose;
 But him outlive, and die a violent death.
BOLINGBROKE 'What fates await the Duke of Suffolk?'
Spirit By water shall he die, and take his end.
BOLINGBROKE 'What shall befall the Duke of Somerset?'
Spirit Let him shun castles;
 Safer shall he be upon the sandy plains
 Than where castles mounted stand.
 Have done, for more I hardly can endure.
BOLINGBROKE Descend to darkness and the burning lake!
 False fiend, avoid!
 Enter YORK and BUCKINGHAM with their Guard
YORK Lay hands upon these traitors and their trash.
 Beldam, I think we watch'd you at an inch.
 What, madam, are you there? the king and commonweal
 Are deeply indebted for this piece of pains:
 My lord protector will, I doubt it not,
 See you well guerdon'd for these good deserts.
DUCHESS Not half so bad as thine to England's king,
 Injurious duke, that threatest where's no cause.
BUCKINGHAM True, madam, none at all: what call you this?
 Away with them! let them be clapp'd up close.
 And kept asunder. You, madam, shall with us.
 Stafford, take her to thee.
 We'll see your trinkets here all forthcoming.
 All, away!
YORK Lord Buckingham, methinks, you watch'd her well:
 A pretty plot, well chosen to build upon!
 Now, pray, my lord, let's see the devil's writ.
 What have we here?
 'The duke yet lives, that Henry shall depose;
 But him outlive, and die a violent death.'
 Why, this is just
 'Aio te, AEacida, Romanos vincere posse.'
 Well, to the rest:
 'Tell me what fate awaits the Duke of Suffolk?
 By water shall he die, and take his end.
 What shall betide the Duke of Somerset?
 Let him shun castles;
 Safer shall he be upon the sandy plains
 Than where castles mounted stand.'
 Come, come, my lords;
 These oracles are hardly attain'd,
 And hardly understood.
 The king is now in progress towards Saint Alban's,
 With him the husband of this lovely lady:
 Thither go these news, as fast as horse can
 carry them:
 A sorry breakfast for my lord protector.
BUCKINGHAM Your grace shall give me leave, my Lord of York,
 To be the post, in hope of his reward.
YORK At your pleasure, my good lord. Who's within
 there, ho!
 Invite my Lords of Salisbury and Warwick
 To sup with me tomorrow night. Away!
 2 KING HENRY VI
 Enter KING HENRY VI, QUEEN MARGARET, GLOUCESTER,
QUEEN MARGARET Believe me, lords, for flying at the brook,
 I saw not better sport these seven years' day:
 Yet, by your leave, the wind was very high;
 And, ten to one, old Joan had not gone out.
KING HENRY VI But what a point, my lord, your falcon made,
 And what a pitch she flew above the rest!
 To see how God in all his creatures works!
 Yea, man and birds are fain of climbing high.
SUFFOLK No marvel, an it like your majesty,
 My lord protector's hawks do tower so well;
 They know their master loves to be aloft,
 And bears his thoughts above his falcon's pitch.
GLOUCESTER My lord, 'tis but a base ignoble mind
 That mounts no higher than a bird can soar.
CARDINAL I thought as much; he would be above the clouds.
GLOUCESTER Ay, my lord cardinal? how think you by that?
 Were it not good your grace could fly to heaven?
KING HENRY VI The treasury of everlasting joy.
CARDINAL Thy heaven is on earth; thine eyes and thoughts
 Beat on a crown, the treasure of thy heart;
 Pernicious protector, dangerous peer,
 That smooth'st it so with king and commonweal!
GLOUCESTER What, cardinal, is your priesthood grown peremptory?
 Tantaene animis coelestibus irae?
 Churchmen so hot? good uncle, hide such malice;
 With such holiness can you do it?
SUFFOLK No malice, sir; no more than well becomes
 So good a quarrel and so bad a peer.
GLOUCESTER As who, my lord?
SUFFOLK Why, as you, my lord,
 An't like your lordly lordprotectorship.
GLOUCESTER Why, Suffolk, England knows thine insolence.
QUEEN MARGARET And thy ambition, Gloucester.
KING HENRY VI I prithee, peace, good queen,
 And whet not on these furious peers;
 For blessed are the peacemakers on earth.
CARDINAL Let me be blessed for the peace I make,
 Against this proud protector, with my sword!
 Faith, holy uncle, would
 'twere come to that!
 Marry, when thou darest.
 Make up no factious
 numbers for the matter;
 In thine own person answer thy abuse.
 Ay, where thou darest
 not peep: an if thou darest,
 This evening, on the east side of the grove.
KING HENRY VI How now, my lords!
CARDINAL Believe me, cousin Gloucester,
 Had not your man put up the fowl so suddenly,
 We had had more sport.
 Come with thy twohand sword.
GLOUCESTER True, uncle.
 Are ye advised? the
 east side of the grove?
 Cardinal, I am with you.
KING HENRY VI Why, how now, uncle Gloucester!
GLOUCESTER Talking of hawking; nothing else, my lord.
 Now, by God's mother, priest, I'll shave your crown for this,
 Or all my fence shall fail.
 Medice, teipsum
 Protector, see to't well, protect yourself.
KING HENRY VI The winds grow high; so do your stomachs, lords.
 How irksome is this music to my heart!
 When such strings jar, what hope of harmony?
 I pray, my lords, let me compound this strife.
GLOUCESTER What means this noise?
 Fellow, what miracle dost thou proclaim?
Townsman A miracle! a miracle!
SUFFOLK Come to the king and tell him what miracle.
Townsman Forsooth, a blind man at Saint Alban's shrine,
 Within this halfhour, hath received his sight;
 A man that ne'er saw in his life before.
KING HENRY VI Now, God be praised, that to believing souls
 Gives light in darkness, comfort in despair!
 Enter the Mayor of Saint Alban's and his
 brethren, bearing SIMPCOX, between two in a
CARDINAL Here comes the townsmen on procession,
 To present your highness with the man.
KING HENRY VI Great is his comfort in this earthly vale,
 Although by his sight his sin be multiplied.
GLOUCESTER Stand by, my masters: bring him near the king;
 His highness' pleasure is to talk with him.
KING HENRY VI Good fellow, tell us here the circumstance,
 That we for thee may glorify the Lord.
 What, hast thou been long blind and now restored?
SIMPCOX Born blind, an't please your grace.
Wife Ay, indeed, was he.
SUFFOLK What woman is this?
Wife His wife, an't like your worship.
GLOUCESTER Hadst thou been his mother, thou couldst have
 better told.
KING HENRY VI Where wert thou born?
SIMPCOX At Berwick in the north, an't like your grace.
KING HENRY VI Poor soul, God's goodness hath been great to thee:
 Let never day nor night unhallow'd pass,
 But still remember what the Lord hath done.
QUEEN MARGARET Tell me, good fellow, camest thou here by chance,
 Or of devotion, to this holy shrine?
SIMPCOX God knows, of pure devotion; being call'd
 A hundred times and oftener, in my sleep,
 By good Saint Alban; who said, 'Simpcox, come,
 Come, offer at my shrine, and I will help thee.'
Wife Most true, forsooth; and many time and oft
 Myself have heard a voice to call him so.
CARDINAL What, art thou lame?
SIMPCOX Ay, God Almighty help me!
SUFFOLK How camest thou so?
SIMPCOX A fall off of a tree.
Wife A plumtree, master.
GLOUCESTER How long hast thou been blind?
SIMPCOX Born so, master.
GLOUCESTER What, and wouldst climb a tree?
SIMPCOX But that in all my life, when I was a youth.
Wife Too true; and bought his climbing very dear.
GLOUCESTER Mass, thou lovedst plums well, that wouldst
 venture so.
SIMPCOX Alas, good master, my wife desired some damsons,
 And made me climb, with danger of my life.
GLOUCESTER A subtle knave! but yet it shall not serve.
 Let me see thine eyes: wink now: now open them:
 In my opinion yet thou seest not well.
SIMPCOX Yes, master, clear as day, I thank God and
 Saint Alban.
GLOUCESTER Say'st thou me so? What colour is this cloak of?
SIMPCOX Red, master; red as blood.
GLOUCESTER Why, that's well said. What colour is my gown of?
SIMPCOX Black, forsooth: coalblack as jet.
KING HENRY VI Why, then, thou know'st what colour jet is of?
SUFFOLK And yet, I think, jet did he never see.
GLOUCESTER But cloaks and gowns, before this day, a many.
Wife Never, before this day, in all his life.
GLOUCESTER Tell me, sirrah, what's my name?
SIMPCOX Alas, master, I know not.
GLOUCESTER What's his name?
SIMPCOX I know not.
GLOUCESTER Nor his?
SIMPCOX No, indeed, master.
GLOUCESTER What's thine own name?
SIMPCOX Saunder Simpcox, an if it please you, master.
GLOUCESTER Then, Saunder, sit there, the lyingest knave in
 Christendom. If thou hadst been born blind, thou
 mightest as well have known all our names as thus to
 name the several colours we do wear. Sight may
 distinguish of colours, but suddenly to nominate them
 all, it is impossible. My lords, Saint Alban here
 hath done a miracle; and would ye not think his
 cunning to be great, that could restore this cripple
 to his legs again?
SIMPCOX O master, that you could!
GLOUCESTER My masters of Saint Alban's, have you not beadles in
 your town, and things called whips?
Mayor Yes, my lord, if it please your grace.
GLOUCESTER Then send for one presently.
Mayor Sirrah, go fetch the beadle hither straight.
GLOUCESTER Now fetch me a stool hither by and by. Now, sirrah,
 if you mean to save yourself from whipping, leap me
 over this stool and run away.
SIMPCOX Alas, master, I am not able to stand alone:
 You go about to torture me in vain.
GLOUCESTER Well, sir, we must have you find your legs. Sirrah
 beadle, whip him till he leap over that same stool.
Beadle I will, my lord. Come on, sirrah; off with your
 doublet quickly.
SIMPCOX Alas, master, what shall I do? I am not able to stand.
 After the Beadle hath hit him once, he leaps over
KING HENRY VI O God, seest Thou this, and bearest so long?
QUEEN MARGARET It made me laugh to see the villain run.
GLOUCESTER Follow the knave; and take this drab away.
Wife Alas, sir, we did it for pure need.
GLOUCESTER Let them be whipped through every markettown, till
 they come to Berwick, from whence they came.
CARDINAL Duke Humphrey has done a miracle today.
SUFFOLK True; made the lame to leap and fly away.
GLOUCESTER But you have done more miracles than I;
 You made in a day, my lord, whole towns to fly.
KING HENRY VI What tidings with our cousin Buckingham?
BUCKINGHAM Such as my heart doth tremble to unfold.
 A sort of naughty persons, lewdly bent,
 Under the countenance and confederacy
 Of Lady Eleanor, the protector's wife,
 The ringleader and head of all this rout,
 Have practised dangerously against your state,
 Dealing with witches and with conjurers:
 Whom we have apprehended in the fact;
 Raising up wicked spirits from under ground,
 Demanding of King Henry's life and death,
 And other of your highness' privycouncil;
 As more at large your grace shall understand.
 And so, my lord protector,
 by this means
 Your lady is forthcoming yet at London.
 This news, I think, hath turn'd your weapon's edge;
 'Tis like, my lord, you will not keep your hour.
GLOUCESTER Ambitious churchman, leave to afflict my heart:
 Sorrow and grief have vanquish'd all my powers;
 And, vanquish'd as I am, I yield to thee,
 Or to the meanest groom.
KING HENRY VI O God, what mischiefs work the wicked ones,
 Heaping confusion on their own heads thereby!
QUEEN MARGARET Gloucester, see here the tainture of thy nest.
 And look thyself be faultless, thou wert best.
GLOUCESTER Madam, for myself, to heaven I do appeal,
 How I have loved my king and commonweal:
 And, for my wife, I know not how it stands;
 Sorry I am to hear what I have heard:
 Noble she is, but if she have forgot
 Honour and virtue and conversed with such
 As, like to pitch, defile nobility,
 I banish her my bed and company
 And give her as a prey to law and shame,
 That hath dishonour'd Gloucester's honest name.
KING HENRY VI Well, for this night we will repose us here:
 Tomorrow toward London back again,
 To look into this business thoroughly
 And call these foul offenders to their answers
 And poise the cause in justice' equal scales,
 Whose beam stands sure, whose rightful cause prevails.
 2 KING HENRY VI
YORK Now, my good Lords of Salisbury and Warwick,
 Our simple supper ended, give me leave
 In this close walk to satisfy myself,
 In craving your opinion of my title,
 Which is infallible, to England's crown.
SALISBURY My lord, I long to hear it at full.
WARWICK Sweet York, begin: and if thy claim be good,
 The Nevils are thy subjects to command.
YORK Then thus:
 Edward the Third, my lords, had seven sons:
 The first, Edward the Black Prince, Prince of Wales;
 The second, William of Hatfield, and the third,
 Lionel Duke of Clarence: next to whom
 Was John of Gaunt, the Duke of Lancaster;
 The fifth was Edmund Langley, Duke of York;
 The sixth was Thomas of Woodstock, Duke of Gloucester;
 William of Windsor was the seventh and last.
 Edward the Black Prince died before his father
 And left behind him Richard, his only son,
 Who after Edward the Third's death reign'd as king;
 Till Henry Bolingbroke, Duke of Lancaster,
 The eldest son and heir of John of Gaunt,
 Crown'd by the name of Henry the Fourth,
 Seized on the realm, deposed the rightful king,
 Sent his poor queen to France, from whence she came,
 And him to Pomfret; where, as all you know,
 Harmless Richard was murder'd traitorously.
WARWICK Father, the duke hath told the truth:
 Thus got the house of Lancaster the crown.
YORK Which now they hold by force and not by right;
 For Richard, the first son's heir, being dead,
 The issue of the next son should have reign'd.
SALISBURY But William of Hatfield died without an heir.
YORK The third son, Duke of Clarence, from whose line
 I claimed the crown, had issue, Philippe, a daughter,
 Who married Edmund Mortimer, Earl of March:
 Edmund had issue, Roger Earl of March;
 Roger had issue, Edmund, Anne and Eleanor.
SALISBURY This Edmund, in the reign of Bolingbroke,
 As I have read, laid claim unto the crown;
 And, but for Owen Glendower, had been king,
 Who kept him in captivity till he died.
 But to the rest.
YORK His eldest sister, Anne,
 My mother, being heir unto the crown
 Married Richard Earl of Cambridge; who was son
 To Edmund Langley, Edward the Third's fifth son.
 By her I claim the kingdom: she was heir
 To Roger Earl of March, who was the son
 Of Edmund Mortimer, who married Philippe,
 Sole daughter unto Lionel Duke of Clarence:
 So, if the issue of the elder son
 Succeed before the younger, I am king.
WARWICK What plain proceeding is more plain than this?
 Henry doth claim the crown from John of Gaunt,
 The fourth son; York claims it from the third.
 Till Lionel's issue fails, his should not reign:
 It fails not yet, but flourishes in thee
 And in thy sons, fair slips of such a stock.
 Then, father Salisbury, kneel we together;
 And in this private plot be we the first
 That shall salute our rightful sovereign
 With honour of his birthright to the crown.
BOTH Long live our sovereign Richard, England's king!
YORK We thank you, lords. But I am not your king
 Till I be crown'd and that my sword be stain'd
 With heartblood of the house of Lancaster;
 And that's not suddenly to be perform'd,
 But with advice and silent secrecy.
 Do you as I do in these dangerous days:
 Wink at the Duke of Suffolk's insolence,
 At Beaufort's pride, at Somerset's ambition,
 At Buckingham and all the crew of them,
 Till they have snared the shepherd of the flock,
 That virtuous prince, the good Duke Humphrey:
 'Tis that they seek, and they in seeking that
 Shall find their deaths, if York can prophesy.
SALISBURY My lord, break we off; we know your mind at full.
WARWICK My heart assures me that the Earl of Warwick
 Shall one day make the Duke of York a king.
YORK And, Nevil, this I do assure myself:
 Richard shall live to make the Earl of Warwick
 The greatest man in England but the king.
 2 KING HENRY VI
 Sound trumpets. Enter KING HENRY VI, QUEEN
 MARGARET, GLOUCESTER, YORK, SUFFOLK, and SALISBURY;
 the DUCHESS, MARGARET JOURDAIN, SOUTHWELL, HUME,
KING HENRY VI Stand forth, Dame Eleanor Cobham, Gloucester's wife:
 In sight of God and us, your guilt is great:
 Receive the sentence of the law for sins
 Such as by God's book are adjudged to death.
 You four, from hence to prison back again;
 From thence unto the place of execution:
 The witch in Smithfield shall be burn'd to ashes,
 And you three shall be strangled on the gallows.
 You, madam, for you are more nobly born,
 Despoiled of your honour in your life,
 Shall, after three days' open penance done,
 Live in your country here in banishment,
 With Sir John Stanley, in the Isle of Man.
DUCHESS Welcome is banishment; welcome were my death.
GLOUCESTER Eleanor, the law, thou see'st, hath judged thee:
 I cannot justify whom the law condemns.
 Mine eyes are full of tears, my heart of grief.
 Ah, Humphrey, this dishonour in thine age
 Will bring thy head with sorrow to the ground!
 I beseech your majesty, give me leave to go;
 Sorrow would solace and mine age would ease.
KING HENRY VI Stay, Humphrey Duke of Gloucester: ere thou go,
 Give up thy staff: Henry will to himself
 Protector be; and God shall be my hope,
 My stay, my guide and lantern to my feet:
 And go in peace, Humphrey, no less beloved
 Than when thou wert protector to thy King.
QUEEN MARGARET I see no reason why a king of years
 Should be to be protected like a child.
 God and King Henry govern England's realm.
 Give up your staff, sir, and the king his realm.
GLOUCESTER My staff? here, noble Henry, is my staff:
 As willingly do I the same resign
 As e'er thy father Henry made it mine;
 And even as willingly at thy feet I leave it
 As others would ambitiously receive it.
 Farewell, good king: when I am dead and gone,
 May honourable peace attend thy throne!
QUEEN MARGARET Why, now is Henry king, and Margaret queen;
 And Humphrey Duke of Gloucester scarce himself,
 That bears so shrewd a maim; two pulls at once;
 His lady banish'd, and a limb lopp'd off.
 This staff of honour raught, there let it stand
 Where it best fits to be, in Henry's hand.
SUFFOLK Thus droops this lofty pine and hangs his sprays;
 Thus Eleanor's pride dies in her youngest days.
YORK Lords, let him go. Please it your majesty,
 This is the day appointed for the combat;
 And ready are the appellant and defendant,
 The armourer and his man, to enter the lists,
 So please your highness to behold the fight.
QUEEN MARGARET Ay, good my lord; for purposely therefore
 Left I the court, to see this quarrel tried.
KING HENRY VI O God's name, see the lists and all things fit:
 Here let them end it; and God defend the right!
YORK I never saw a fellow worse bested,
 Or more afraid to fight, than is the appellant,
 The servant of this armourer, my lords.
 Enter at one door, HORNER, the Armourer, and his
 Neighbours, drinking to him so much that he is drunk;
 and he enters with a drum before him and his staff
 with a sandbag fastened to it; and at the other
 door PETER, his man, with a drum and sandbag, and
First Neighbour Here, neighbour Horner, I drink to you in a cup of
 sack: and fear not, neighbour, you shall do well enough.
Second Neighbour And here, neighbour, here's a cup of charneco.
Third Neighbour And here's a pot of good double beer, neighbour:
 drink, and fear not your man.
HORNER Let it come, i' faith, and I'll pledge you all; and
 a fig for Peter!
First 'Prentice Here, Peter, I drink to thee: and be not afraid.
Second 'Prentice Be merry, Peter, and fear not thy master: fight
 for credit of the 'prentices.
PETER I thank you all: drink, and pray for me, I pray
 you; for I think I have taken my last draught in
 this world. Here, Robin, an if I die, I give thee
 my apron: and, Will, thou shalt have my hammer:
 and here, Tom, take all the money that I have. O
 Lord bless me! I pray God! for I am never able to
 deal with my master, he hath learnt me so much fence already.
SALISBURY Come, leave your drinking, and fall to blows.
 Sirrah, what's thy name?
PETER Peter, forsooth.
SALISBURY Peter! what more?
PETER Thump.
SALISBURY Thump! then see thou thump thy master well.
HORNER Masters, I am come hither, as it were, upon my man's
 instigation, to prove him a knave and myself an
 honest man: and touching the Duke of York, I will
 take my death, I never meant him any ill, nor the
 king, nor the queen: and therefore, Peter, have at
 thee with a downright blow!
YORK Dispatch: this knave's tongue begins to double.
 Sound, trumpets, alarum to the combatants!
HORNER Hold, Peter, hold! I confess, I confess treason.
YORK Take away his weapon. Fellow, thank God, and the
 good wine in thy master's way.
PETER O God, have I overcome mine enemy in this presence?
 O Peter, thou hast prevailed in right!
KING HENRY VI Go, take hence that traitor from our sight;
 For his death we do perceive his guilt:
 And God in justice hath revealed to us
 The truth and innocence of this poor fellow,
 Which he had thought to have murder'd wrongfully.
 Come, fellow, follow us for thy reward.
 2 KING HENRY VI
 Enter GLOUCESTER and his Servingmen, in
GLOUCESTER Thus sometimes hath the brightest day a cloud;
 And after summer evermore succeeds
 Barren winter, with his wrathful nipping cold:
 So cares and joys abound, as seasons fleet.
 Sirs, what's o'clock?
Servants Ten, my lord.
GLOUCESTER Ten is the hour that was appointed me
 To watch the coming of my punish'd duchess:
 Uneath may she endure the flinty streets,
 To tread them with her tenderfeeling feet.
 Sweet Nell, ill can thy noble mind abrook
 The abject people gazing on thy face,
 With envious looks, laughing at thy shame,
 That erst did follow thy proud chariotwheels
 When thou didst ride in triumph through the streets.
 But, soft! I think she comes; and I'll prepare
 My tearstain'd eyes to see her miseries.
 Enter the DUCHESS in a white sheet, and a taper
 burning in her hand; with STANLEY, the Sheriff,
Servant So please your grace, we'll take her from the sheriff.
GLOUCESTER No, stir not, for your lives; let her pass by.
DUCHESS Come you, my lord, to see my open shame?
 Now thou dost penance too. Look how they gaze!
 See how the giddy multitude do point,
 And nod their heads, and throw their eyes on thee!
 Ah, Gloucester, hide thee from their hateful looks,
 And, in thy closet pent up, rue my shame,
 And ban thine enemies, both mine and thine!
GLOUCESTER Be patient, gentle Nell; forget this grief.
DUCHESS Ah, Gloucester, teach me to forget myself!
 For whilst I think I am thy married wife
 And thou a prince, protector of this land,
 Methinks I should not thus be led along,
 Mail'd up in shame, with papers on my back,
 And followed with a rabble that rejoice
 To see my tears and hear my deepfet groans.
 The ruthless flint doth cut my tender feet,
 And when I start, the envious people laugh
 And bid me be advised how I tread.
 Ah, Humphrey, can I bear this shameful yoke?
 Trow'st thou that e'er I'll look upon the world,
 Or count them happy that enjoy the sun?
 No; dark shall be my light and night my day;
 To think upon my pomp shall be my hell.
 Sometime I'll say, I am Duke Humphrey's wife,
 And he a prince and ruler of the land:
 Yet so he ruled and such a prince he was
 As he stood by whilst I, his forlorn duchess,
 Was made a wonder and a pointingstock
 To every idle rascal follower.
 But be thou mild and blush not at my shame,
 Nor stir at nothing till the axe of death
 Hang over thee, as, sure, it shortly will;
 For Suffolk, he that can do all in all
 With her that hateth thee and hates us all,
 And York and impious Beaufort, that false priest,
 Have all limed bushes to betray thy wings,
 And, fly thou how thou canst, they'll tangle thee:
 But fear not thou, until thy foot be snared,
 Nor never seek prevention of thy foes.
GLOUCESTER Ah, Nell, forbear! thou aimest all awry;
 I must offend before I be attainted;
 And had I twenty times so many foes,
 And each of them had twenty times their power,
 All these could not procure me any scathe,
 So long as I am loyal, true and crimeless.
 Wouldst have me rescue thee from this reproach?
 Why, yet thy scandal were not wiped away
 But I in danger for the breach of law.
 Thy greatest help is quiet, gentle Nell:
 I pray thee, sort thy heart to patience;
 These few days' wonder will be quickly worn.
Herald I summon your grace to his majesty's parliament,
 Holden at Bury the first of this next month.
GLOUCESTER And my consent ne'er ask'd herein before!
 This is close dealing. Well, I will be there.
 My Nell, I take my leave: and, master sheriff,
 Let not her penance exceed the king's commission.
Sheriff An't please your grace, here my commission stays,
 And Sir John Stanley is appointed now
 To take her with him to the Isle of Man.
GLOUCESTER Must you, Sir John, protect my lady here?
STANLEY So am I given in charge, may't please your grace.
GLOUCESTER Entreat her not the worse in that I pray
 You use her well: the world may laugh again;
 And I may live to do you kindness if
 You do it her: and so, Sir John, farewell!
DUCHESS What, gone, my lord, and bid me not farewell!
GLOUCESTER Witness my tears, I cannot stay to speak.
DUCHESS Art thou gone too? all comfort go with thee!
 For none abides with me: my joy is death;
 Death, at whose name I oft have been afear'd,
 Because I wish'd this world's eternity.
 Stanley, I prithee, go, and take me hence;
 I care not whither, for I beg no favour,
 Only convey me where thou art commanded.
STANLEY Why, madam, that is to the Isle of Man;
 There to be used according to your state.
DUCHESS That's bad enough, for I am but reproach:
 And shall I then be used reproachfully?
STANLEY Like to a duchess, and Duke Humphrey's lady;
 According to that state you shall be used.
DUCHESS Sheriff, farewell, and better than I fare,
 Although thou hast been conduct of my shame.
Sheriff It is my office; and, madam, pardon me.
DUCHESS Ay, ay, farewell; thy office is discharged.
 Come, Stanley, shall we go?
STANLEY Madam, your penance done, throw off this sheet,
 And go we to attire you for our journey.
DUCHESS My shame will not be shifted with my sheet:
 No, it will hang upon my richest robes
 And show itself, attire me how I can.
 Go, lead the way; I long to see my prison.
 2 KING HENRY VI
 Sound a sennet. Enter KING HENRY VI, QUEEN
 MARGARET, CARDINAL, SUFFOLK, YORK, BUCKINGHAM,
KING HENRY VI I muse my Lord of Gloucester is not come:
 'Tis not his wont to be the hindmost man,
 Whate'er occasion keeps him from us now.
QUEEN MARGARET Can you not see? or will ye not observe
 The strangeness of his alter'd countenance?
 With what a majesty he bears himself,
 How insolent of late he is become,
 How proud, how peremptory, and unlike himself?
 We know the time since he was mild and affable,
 And if we did but glance a faroff look,
 Immediately he was upon his knee,
 That all the court admired him for submission:
 But meet him now, and, be it in the morn,
 When every one will give the time of day,
 He knits his brow and shows an angry eye,
 And passeth by with stiff unbowed knee,
 Disdaining duty that to us belongs.
 Small curs are not regarded when they grin;
 But great men tremble when the lion roars;
 And Humphrey is no little man in England.
 First note that he is near you in descent,
 And should you fall, he as the next will mount.
 Me seemeth then it is no policy,
 Respecting what a rancorous mind he bears
 And his advantage following your decease,
 That he should come about your royal person
 Or be admitted to your highness' council.
 By flattery hath he won the commons' hearts,
 And when he please to make commotion,
 'Tis to be fear'd they all will follow him.
 Now 'tis the spring, and weeds are shallowrooted;
 Suffer them now, and they'll o'ergrow the garden
 And choke the herbs for want of husbandry.
 The reverent care I bear unto my lord
 Made me collect these dangers in the duke.
 If it be fond, call it a woman's fear;
 Which fear if better reasons can supplant,
 I will subscribe and say I wrong'd the duke.
 My Lord of Suffolk, Buckingham, and York,
 Reprove my allegation, if you can;
 Or else conclude my words effectual.
SUFFOLK Well hath your highness seen into this duke;
 And, had I first been put to speak my mind,
 I think I should have told your grace's tale.
 The duchess, by his subornation,
 Upon my life, began her devilish practises:
 Or, if he were not privy to those faults,
 Yet, by reputing of his high descent,
 As next the king he was successive heir,
 And such high vaunts of his nobility,
 Did instigate the bedlam brainsick duchess
 By wicked means to frame our sovereign's fall.
 Smooth runs the water where the brook is deep;
 And in his simple show he harbours treason.
 The fox barks not when he would steal the lamb.
 No, no, my sovereign; Gloucester is a man
 Unsounded yet and full of deep deceit.
CARDINAL Did he not, contrary to form of law,
 Devise strange deaths for small offences done?
YORK And did he not, in his protectorship,
 Levy great sums of money through the realm
 For soldiers' pay in France, and never sent it?
 By means whereof the towns each day revolted.
BUCKINGHAM Tut, these are petty faults to faults unknown.
 Which time will bring to light in smooth
 Duke Humphrey.
KING HENRY VI My lords, at once: the care you have of us,
 To mow down thorns that would annoy our foot,
 Is worthy praise: but, shall I speak my conscience,
 Our kinsman Gloucester is as innocent
 From meaning treason to our royal person
 As is the sucking lamb or harmless dove:
 The duke is virtuous, mild and too well given
 To dream on evil or to work my downfall.
QUEEN MARGARET Ah, what's more dangerous than this fond affiance!
 Seems he a dove? his feathers are but borrowed,
 For he's disposed as the hateful raven:
 Is he a lamb? his skin is surely lent him,
 For he's inclined as is the ravenous wolf.
 Who cannot steal a shape that means deceit?
 Take heed, my lord; the welfare of us all
 Hangs on the cutting short that fraudful man.
SOMERSET All health unto my gracious sovereign!
KING HENRY VI Welcome, Lord Somerset. What news from France?
SOMERSET That all your interest in those territories
 Is utterly bereft you; all is lost.
KING HENRY VI Cold news, Lord Somerset: but God's will be done!
 Cold news for me; for I had hope of France
 As firmly as I hope for fertile England.
 Thus are my blossoms blasted in the bud
 And caterpillars eat my leaves away;
 But I will remedy this gear ere long,
 Or sell my title for a glorious grave.
GLOUCESTER All happiness unto my lord the king!
 Pardon, my liege, that I have stay'd so long.
SUFFOLK Nay, Gloucester, know that thou art come too soon,
 Unless thou wert more loyal than thou art:
 I do arrest thee of high treason here.
GLOUCESTER Well, Suffolk, thou shalt not see me blush
 Nor change my countenance for this arrest:
 A heart unspotted is not easily daunted.
 The purest spring is not so free from mud
 As I am clear from treason to my sovereign:
 Who can accuse me? wherein am I guilty?
YORK 'Tis thought, my lord, that you took bribes of France,
 And, being protector, stayed the soldiers' pay;
 By means whereof his highness hath lost France.
GLOUCESTER Is it but thought so? what are they that think it?
 I never robb'd the soldiers of their pay,
 Nor ever had one penny bribe from France.
 So help me God, as I have watch'd the night,
 Ay, night by night, in studying good for England,
 That doit that e'er I wrested from the king,
 Or any groat I hoarded to my use,
 Be brought against me at my trialday!
 No; many a pound of mine own proper store,
 Because I would not tax the needy commons,
 Have I disbursed to the garrisons,
 And never ask'd for restitution.
CARDINAL It serves you well, my lord, to say so much.
GLOUCESTER I say no more than truth, so help me God!
YORK In your protectorship you did devise
 Strange tortures for offenders never heard of,
 That England was defamed by tyranny.
GLOUCESTER Why, 'tis well known that, whiles I was
 protector,
 Pity was all the fault that was in me;
 For I should melt at an offender's tears,
 And lowly words were ransom for their fault.
 Unless it were a bloody murderer,
 Or foul felonious thief that fleeced poor passengers,
 I never gave them condign punishment:
 Murder indeed, that bloody sin, I tortured
 Above the felon or what trespass else.
SUFFOLK My lord, these faults are easy, quickly answered:
 But mightier crimes are laid unto your charge,
 Whereof you cannot easily purge yourself.
 I do arrest you in his highness' name;
 And here commit you to my lord cardinal
 To keep, until your further time of trial.
KING HENRY VI My lord of Gloucester, 'tis my special hope
 That you will clear yourself from all suspect:
 My conscience tells me you are innocent.
GLOUCESTER Ah, gracious lord, these days are dangerous:
 Virtue is choked with foul ambition
 And charity chased hence by rancour's hand;
 Foul subornation is predominant
 And equity exiled your highness' land.
 I know their complot is to have my life,
 And if my death might make this island happy,
 And prove the period of their tyranny,
 I would expend it with all willingness:
 But mine is made the prologue to their play;
 For thousands more, that yet suspect no peril,
 Will not conclude their plotted tragedy.
 Beaufort's red sparkling eyes blab his heart's malice,
 And Suffolk's cloudy brow his stormy hate;
 Sharp Buckingham unburthens with his tongue
 The envious load that lies upon his heart;
 And dogged York, that reaches at the moon,
 Whose overweening arm I have pluck'd back,
 By false accuse doth level at my life:
 And you, my sovereign lady, with the rest,
 Causeless have laid disgraces on my head,
 And with your best endeavour have stirr'd up
 My liefest liege to be mine enemy:
 Ay, all you have laid your heads together
 Myself had notice of your conventicles
 And all to make away my guiltless life.
 I shall not want false witness to condemn me,
 Nor store of treasons to augment my guilt;
 The ancient proverb will be well effected:
 'A staff is quickly found to beat a dog.'
CARDINAL My liege, his railing is intolerable:
 If those that care to keep your royal person
 From treason's secret knife and traitors' rage
 Be thus upbraided, chid and rated at,
 And the offender granted scope of speech,
 'Twill make them cool in zeal unto your grace.
SUFFOLK Hath he not twit our sovereign lady here
 With ignominious words, though clerkly couch'd,
 As if she had suborned some to swear
 False allegations to o'erthrow his state?
QUEEN MARGARET But I can give the loser leave to chide.
GLOUCESTER Far truer spoke than meant: I lose, indeed;
 Beshrew the winners, for they play'd me false!
 And well such losers may have leave to speak.
BUCKINGHAM He'll wrest the sense and hold us here all day:
 Lord cardinal, he is your prisoner.
CARDINAL Sirs, take away the duke, and guard him sure.
GLOUCESTER Ah! thus King Henry throws away his crutch
 Before his legs be firm to bear his body.
 Thus is the shepherd beaten from thy side,
 And wolves are gnarling who shall gnaw thee first.
 Ah, that my fear were false! ah, that it were!
 For, good King Henry, thy decay I fear.
KING HENRY VI My lords, what to your wisdoms seemeth best,
 Do or undo, as if ourself were here.
QUEEN MARGARET What, will your highness leave the parliament?
KING HENRY VI Ay, Margaret; my heart is drown'd with grief,
 Whose flood begins to flow within mine eyes,
 My body round engirt with misery,
 For what's more miserable than discontent?
 Ah, uncle Humphrey! in thy face I see
 The map of honour, truth and loyalty:
 And yet, good Humphrey, is the hour to come
 That e'er I proved thee false or fear'd thy faith.
 What louring star now envies thy estate,
 That these great lords and Margaret our queen
 Do seek subversion of thy harmless life?
 Thou never didst them wrong, nor no man wrong;
 And as the butcher takes away the calf
 And binds the wretch, and beats it when it strays,
 Bearing it to the bloody slaughterhouse,
 Even so remorseless have they borne him hence;
 And as the dam runs lowing up and down,
 Looking the way her harmless young one went,
 And can do nought but wail her darling's loss,
 Even so myself bewails good Gloucester's case
 With sad unhelpful tears, and with dimm'd eyes
 Look after him and cannot do him good,
 So mighty are his vowed enemies.
 His fortunes I will weep; and, 'twixt each groan
 Say 'Who's a traitor? Gloucester he is none.'
 Exeunt all but QUEEN MARGARET, CARDINAL,
QUEEN MARGARET Free lords, cold snow melts with the sun's hot beams.
 Henry my lord is cold in great affairs,
 Too full of foolish pity, and Gloucester's show
 Beguiles him as the mournful crocodile
 With sorrow snares relenting passengers,
 Or as the snake roll'd in a flowering bank,
 With shining chequer'd slough, doth sting a child
 That for the beauty thinks it excellent.
 Believe me, lords, were none more wise than I
 And yet herein I judge mine own wit good
 This Gloucester should be quickly rid the world,
 To rid us of the fear we have of him.
CARDINAL That he should die is worthy policy;
 But yet we want a colour for his death:
 'Tis meet he be condemn'd by course of law.
SUFFOLK But, in my mind, that were no policy:
 The king will labour still to save his life,
 The commons haply rise, to save his life;
 And yet we have but trivial argument,
 More than mistrust, that shows him worthy death.
YORK So that, by this, you would not have him die.
SUFFOLK Ah, York, no man alive so fain as I!
YORK 'Tis York that hath more reason for his death.
 But, my lord cardinal, and you, my Lord of Suffolk,
 Say as you think, and speak it from your souls,
 Were't not all one, an empty eagle were set
 To guard the chicken from a hungry kite,
 As place Duke Humphrey for the king's protector?
QUEEN MARGARET So the poor chicken should be sure of death.
SUFFOLK Madam, 'tis true; and were't not madness, then,
 To make the fox surveyor of the fold?
 Who being accused a crafty murderer,
 His guilt should be but idly posted over,
 Because his purpose is not executed.
 No; let him die, in that he is a fox,
 By nature proved an enemy to the flock,
 Before his chaps be stain'd with crimson blood,
 As Humphrey, proved by reasons, to my liege.
 And do not stand on quillets how to slay him:
 Be it by gins, by snares, by subtlety,
 Sleeping or waking, 'tis no matter how,
 So he be dead; for that is good deceit
 Which mates him first that first intends deceit.
QUEEN MARGARET Thricenoble Suffolk, 'tis resolutely spoke.
SUFFOLK Not resolute, except so much were done;
 For things are often spoke and seldom meant:
 But that my heart accordeth with my tongue,
 Seeing the deed is meritorious,
 And to preserve my sovereign from his foe,
 Say but the word, and I will be his priest.
CARDINAL But I would have him dead, my Lord of Suffolk,
 Ere you can take due orders for a priest:
 Say you consent and censure well the deed,
 And I'll provide his executioner,
 I tender so the safety of my liege.
SUFFOLK Here is my hand, the deed is worthy doing.
QUEEN MARGARET And so say I.
YORK And I and now we three have spoke it,
 It skills not greatly who impugns our doom.
Post Great lords, from Ireland am I come amain,
 To signify that rebels there are up
 And put the Englishmen unto the sword:
 Send succors, lords, and stop the rage betime,
 Before the wound do grow uncurable;
 For, being green, there is great hope of help.
CARDINAL A breach that craves a quick expedient stop!
 What counsel give you in this weighty cause?
YORK That Somerset be sent as regent thither:
 'Tis meet that lucky ruler be employ'd;
 Witness the fortune he hath had in France.
SOMERSET If York, with all his farfet policy,
 Had been the regent there instead of me,
 He never would have stay'd in France so long.
YORK No, not to lose it all, as thou hast done:
 I rather would have lost my life betimes
 Than bring a burthen of dishonour home
 By staying there so long till all were lost.
 Show me one scar character'd on thy skin:
 Men's flesh preserved so whole do seldom win.
QUEEN MARGARET Nay, then, this spark will prove a raging fire,
 If wind and fuel be brought to feed it with:
 No more, good York; sweet Somerset, be still:
 Thy fortune, York, hadst thou been regent there,
 Might happily have proved far worse than his.
YORK What, worse than nought? nay, then, a shame take all!
SOMERSET And, in the number, thee that wishest shame!
CARDINAL My Lord of York, try what your fortune is.
 The uncivil kerns of Ireland are in arms
 And temper clay with blood of Englishmen:
 To Ireland will you lead a band of men,
 Collected choicely, from each county some,
 And try your hap against the Irishmen?
YORK I will, my lord, so please his majesty.
SUFFOLK Why, our authority is his consent,
 And what we do establish he confirms:
 Then, noble York, take thou this task in hand.
YORK I am content: provide me soldiers, lords,
 Whiles I take order for mine own affairs.
SUFFOLK A charge, Lord York, that I will see perform'd.
 But now return we to the false Duke Humphrey.
CARDINAL No more of him; for I will deal with him
 That henceforth he shall trouble us no more.
 And so break off; the day is almost spent:
 Lord Suffolk, you and I must talk of that event.
YORK My Lord of Suffolk, within fourteen days
 At Bristol I expect my soldiers;
 For there I'll ship them all for Ireland.
SUFFOLK I'll see it truly done, my Lord of York.
YORK Now, York, or never, steel thy fearful thoughts,
 And change misdoubt to resolution:
 Be that thou hopest to be, or what thou art
 Resign to death; it is not worth the enjoying:
 Let palefaced fear keep with the meanborn man,
 And find no harbour in a royal heart.
 Faster than springtime showers comes thought
 on thought,
 And not a thought but thinks on dignity.
 My brain more busy than the labouring spider
 Weaves tedious snares to trap mine enemies.
 Well, nobles, well, 'tis politicly done,
 To send me packing with an host of men:
 I fear me you but warm the starved snake,
 Who, cherish'd in your breasts, will sting
 your hearts.
 'Twas men I lack'd and you will give them me:
 I take it kindly; and yet be well assured
 You put sharp weapons in a madman's hands.
 Whiles I in Ireland nourish a mighty band,
 I will stir up in England some black storm
 Shall blow ten thousand souls to heaven or hell;
 And this fell tempest shall not cease to rage
 Until the golden circuit on my head,
 Like to the glorious sun's transparent beams,
 Do calm the fury of this madbred flaw.
 And, for a minister of my intent,
 I have seduced a headstrong Kentishman,
 John Cade of Ashford,
 To make commotion, as full well he can,
 Under the title of John Mortimer.
 In Ireland have I seen this stubborn Cade
 Oppose himself against a troop of kerns,
 And fought so long, till that his thighs with darts
 Were almost like a sharpquill'd porpentine;
 And, in the end being rescued, I have seen
 Him caper upright like a wild Morisco,
 Shaking the bloody darts as he his bells.
 Full often, like a shaghair'd crafty kern,
 Hath he conversed with the enemy,
 And undiscover'd come to me again
 And given me notice of their villanies.
 This devil here shall be my substitute;
 For that John Mortimer, which now is dead,
 In face, in gait, in speech, he doth resemble:
 By this I shall perceive the commons' mind,
 How they affect the house and claim of York.
 Say he be taken, rack'd and tortured,
 I know no pain they can inflict upon him
 Will make him say I moved him to those arms.
 Say that he thrive, as 'tis great like he will,
 Why, then from Ireland come I with my strength
 And reap the harvest which that rascal sow'd;
 For Humphrey being dead, as he shall be,
 And Henry put apart, the next for me.
 2 KING HENRY VI
First Murderer Run to my Lord of Suffolk; let him know
 We have dispatch'd the duke, as he commanded.
Second Murderer O that it were to do! What have we done?
 Didst ever hear a man so penitent?
First Murder Here comes my lord.
SUFFOLK Now, sirs, have you dispatch'd this thing?
First Murderer Ay, my good lord, he's dead.
SUFFOLK Why, that's well said. Go, get you to my house;
 I will reward you for this venturous deed.
 The king and all the peers are here at hand.
 Have you laid fair the bed? Is all things well,
 According as I gave directions?
First Murderer 'Tis, my good lord.
SUFFOLK Away! be gone.
 Sound trumpets. Enter KING HENRY VI, QUEEN
KING HENRY VI Go, call our uncle to our presence straight;
 Say we intend to try his grace today.
 If he be guilty, as 'tis published.
SUFFOLK I'll call him presently, my noble lord.
KING HENRY VI Lords, take your places; and, I pray you all,
 Proceed no straiter 'gainst our uncle Gloucester
 Than from true evidence of good esteem
 He be approved in practise culpable.
QUEEN MARGARET God forbid any malice should prevail,
 That faultless may condemn a nobleman!
 Pray God he may acquit him of suspicion!
KING HENRY VI I thank thee, Meg; these words content me much.
 How now! why look'st thou pale? why tremblest thou?
 Where is our uncle? what's the matter, Suffolk?
SUFFOLK Dead in his bed, my lord; Gloucester is dead.
QUEEN MARGARET Marry, God forfend!
CARDINAL God's secret judgment: I did dream tonight
 The duke was dumb and could not speak a word.
QUEEN MARGARET How fares my lord? Help, lords! the king is dead.
SOMERSET Rear up his body; wring him by the nose.
QUEEN MARGARET Run, go, help, help! O Henry, ope thine eyes!
SUFFOLK He doth revive again: madam, be patient.
KING HENRY VI O heavenly God!
QUEEN MARGARET How fares my gracious lord?
SUFFOLK Comfort, my sovereign! gracious Henry, comfort!
KING HENRY VI What, doth my Lord of Suffolk comfort me?
 Came he right now to sing a raven's note,
 Whose dismal tune bereft my vital powers;
 And thinks he that the chirping of a wren,
 By crying comfort from a hollow breast,
 Can chase away the firstconceived sound?
 Hide not thy poison with such sugar'd words;
 Lay not thy hands on me; forbear, I say;
 Their touch affrights me as a serpent's sting.
 Thou baleful messenger, out of my sight!
 Upon thy eyeballs murderous tyranny
 Sits in grim majesty, to fright the world.
 Look not upon me, for thine eyes are wounding:
 Yet do not go away: come, basilisk,
 And kill the innocent gazer with thy sight;
 For in the shade of death I shall find joy;
 In life but double death, now Gloucester's dead.
QUEEN MARGARET Why do you rate my Lord of Suffolk thus?
 Although the duke was enemy to him,
 Yet he most Christianlike laments his death:
 And for myself, foe as he was to me,
 Might liquid tears or heartoffending groans
 Or bloodconsuming sighs recall his life,
 I would be blind with weeping, sick with groans,
 Look pale as primrose with blooddrinking sighs,
 And all to have the noble duke alive.
 What know I how the world may deem of me?
 For it is known we were but hollow friends:
 It may be judged I made the duke away;
 So shall my name with slander's tongue be wounded,
 And princes' courts be fill'd with my reproach.
 This get I by his death: ay me, unhappy!
 To be a queen, and crown'd with infamy!
KING HENRY VI Ah, woe is me for Gloucester, wretched man!
QUEEN MARGARET Be woe for me, more wretched than he is.
 What, dost thou turn away and hide thy face?
 I am no loathsome leper; look on me.
 What! art thou, like the adder, waxen deaf?
 Be poisonous too and kill thy forlorn queen.
 Is all thy comfort shut in Gloucester's tomb?
 Why, then, dame Margaret was ne'er thy joy.
 Erect his statue and worship it,
 And make my image but an alehouse sign.
 Was I for this nigh wreck'd upon the sea
 And twice by awkward wind from England's bank
 Drove back again unto my native clime?
 What boded this, but well forewarning wind
 Did seem to say 'Seek not a scorpion's nest,
 Nor set no footing on this unkind shore'?
 What did I then, but cursed the gentle gusts
 And he that loosed them forth their brazen caves:
 And bid them blow towards England's blessed shore,
 Or turn our stern upon a dreadful rock
 Yet AEolus would not be a murderer,
 But left that hateful office unto thee:
 The prettyvaulting sea refused to drown me,
 Knowing that thou wouldst have me drown'd on shore,
 With tears as salt as sea, through thy unkindness:
 The splitting rocks cower'd in the sinking sands
 And would not dash me with their ragged sides,
 Because thy flinty heart, more hard than they,
 Might in thy palace perish Margaret.
 As far as I could ken thy chalky cliffs,
 When from thy shore the tempest beat us back,
 I stood upon the hatches in the storm,
 And when the dusky sky began to rob
 My earnestgaping sight of thy land's view,
 I took a costly jewel from my neck,
 A heart it was, bound in with diamonds,
 And threw it towards thy land: the sea received it,
 And so I wish'd thy body might my heart:
 And even with this I lost fair England's view
 And bid mine eyes be packing with my heart
 And call'd them blind and dusky spectacles,
 For losing ken of Albion's wished coast.
 How often have I tempted Suffolk's tongue,
 The agent of thy foul inconstancy,
 To sit and witch me, as Ascanius did
 When he to madding Dido would unfold
 His father's acts commenced in burning Troy!
 Am I not witch'd like her? or thou not false like him?
 Ay me, I can no more! die, Margaret!
 For Henry weeps that thou dost live so long.
WARWICK It is reported, mighty sovereign,
 That good Duke Humphrey traitorously is murder'd
 By Suffolk and the Cardinal Beaufort's means.
 The commons, like an angry hive of bees
 That want their leader, scatter up and down
 And care not who they sting in his revenge.
 Myself have calm'd their spleenful mutiny,
 Until they hear the order of his death.
KING HENRY VI That he is dead, good Warwick, 'tis too true;
 But how he died God knows, not Henry:
 Enter his chamber, view his breathless corpse,
 And comment then upon his sudden death.
WARWICK That shall I do, my liege. Stay, Salisbury,
 With the rude multitude till I return.
KING HENRY VI O Thou that judgest all things, stay my thoughts,
 My thoughts, that labour to persuade my soul
 Some violent hands were laid on Humphrey's life!
 If my suspect be false, forgive me, God,
 For judgment only doth belong to thee.
 Fain would I go to chafe his paly lips
 With twenty thousand kisses, and to drain
 Upon his face an ocean of salt tears,
 To tell my love unto his dumb deaf trunk,
 And with my fingers feel his hand unfeeling:
 But all in vain are these mean obsequies;
 And to survey his dead and earthly image,
 What were it but to make my sorrow greater?
 Reenter WARWICK and others, bearing
WARWICK Come hither, gracious sovereign, view this body.
KING HENRY VI That is to see how deep my grave is made;
 For with his soul fled all my worldly solace,
 For seeing him I see my life in death.
WARWICK As surely as my soul intends to live
 With that dread King that took our state upon him
 To free us from his father's wrathful curse,
 I do believe that violent hands were laid
 Upon the life of this thricefamed duke.
SUFFOLK A dreadful oath, sworn with a solemn tongue!
 What instance gives Lord Warwick for his vow?
WARWICK See how the blood is settled in his face.
 Oft have I seen a timelyparted ghost,
 Of ashy semblance, meagre, pale and bloodless,
 Being all descended to the labouring heart;
 Who, in the conflict that it holds with death,
 Attracts the same for aidance 'gainst the enemy;
 Which with the heart there cools and ne'er returneth
 To blush and beautify the cheek again.
 But see, his face is black and full of blood,
 His eyeballs further out than when he lived,
 Staring full ghastly like a strangled man;
 His hair uprear'd, his nostrils stretched with struggling;
 His hands abroad display'd, as one that grasp'd
 And tugg'd for life and was by strength subdued:
 Look, on the sheets his hair you see, is sticking;
 His wellproportion'd beard made rough and rugged,
 Like to the summer's corn by tempest lodged.
 It cannot be but he was murder'd here;
 The least of all these signs were probable.
SUFFOLK Why, Warwick, who should do the duke to death?
 Myself and Beaufort had him in protection;
 And we, I hope, sir, are no murderers.
WARWICK But both of you were vow'd Duke Humphrey's foes,
 And you, forsooth, had the good duke to keep:
 'Tis like you would not feast him like a friend;
 And 'tis well seen he found an enemy.
QUEEN MARGARET Then you, belike, suspect these noblemen
 As guilty of Duke Humphrey's timeless death.
WARWICK Who finds the heifer dead and bleeding fresh
 And sees fast by a butcher with an axe,
 But will suspect 'twas he that made the slaughter?
 Who finds the partridge in the puttock's nest,
 But may imagine how the bird was dead,
 Although the kite soar with unbloodied beak?
 Even so suspicious is this tragedy.
QUEEN MARGARET Are you the butcher, Suffolk? Where's your knife?
 Is Beaufort term'd a kite? Where are his talons?
SUFFOLK I wear no knife to slaughter sleeping men;
 But here's a vengeful sword, rusted with ease,
 That shall be scoured in his rancorous heart
 That slanders me with murder's crimson badge.
 Say, if thou darest, proud Lord of Warwickshire,
 That I am faulty in Duke Humphrey's death.
WARWICK What dares not Warwick, if false Suffolk dare him?
QUEEN MARGARET He dares not calm his contumelious spirit
 Nor cease to be an arrogant controller,
 Though Suffolk dare him twenty thousand times.
WARWICK Madam, be still; with reverence may I say;
 For every word you speak in his behalf
 Is slander to your royal dignity.
SUFFOLK Bluntwitted lord, ignoble in demeanor!
 If ever lady wrong'd her lord so much,
 Thy mother took into her blameful bed
 Some stern untutor'd churl, and noble stock
 Was graft with crabtree slip; whose fruit thou art,
 And never of the Nevils' noble race.
WARWICK But that the guilt of murder bucklers thee
 And I should rob the deathsman of his fee,
 Quitting thee thereby of ten thousand shames,
 And that my sovereign's presence makes me mild,
 I would, false murderous coward, on thy knee
 Make thee beg pardon for thy passed speech,
 And say it was thy mother that thou meant'st
 That thou thyself was born in bastardy;
 And after all this fearful homage done,
 Give thee thy hire and send thy soul to hell,
 Pernicious bloodsucker of sleeping men!
SUFFOLK Thou shall be waking well I shed thy blood,
 If from this presence thou darest go with me.
WARWICK Away even now, or I will drag thee hence:
 Unworthy though thou art, I'll cope with thee
 And do some service to Duke Humphrey's ghost.
KING HENRY VI What stronger breastplate than a heart untainted!
 Thrice is he armed that hath his quarrel just,
 And he but naked, though lock'd up in steel
 Whose conscience with injustice is corrupted.
QUEEN MARGARET What noise is this?
 Reenter SUFFOLK and WARWICK, with their
KING HENRY VI Why, how now, lords! your wrathful weapons drawn
 Here in our presence! dare you be so bold?
 Why, what tumultuous clamour have we here?
SUFFOLK The traitorous Warwick with the men of Bury
 Set all upon me, mighty sovereign.
 Sirs, stand apart;
 the king shall know your mind.
 Dread lord, the commons send you word by me,
 Unless Lord Suffolk straight be done to death,
 Or banished fair England's territories,
 They will by violence tear him from your palace
 And torture him with grievous lingering death.
 They say, by him the good Duke Humphrey died;
 They say, in him they fear your highness' death;
 And mere instinct of love and loyalty,
 Free from a stubborn opposite intent,
 As being thought to contradict your liking,
 Makes them thus forward in his banishment.
 They say, in care of your most royal person,
 That if your highness should intend to sleep
 And charge that no man should disturb your rest
 In pain of your dislike or pain of death,
 Yet, notwithstanding such a strait edict,
 Were there a serpent seen, with forked tongue,
 That slily glided towards your majesty,
 It were but necessary you were waked,
 Lest, being suffer'd in that harmful slumber,
 The mortal worm might make the sleep eternal;
 And therefore do they cry, though you forbid,
 That they will guard you, whether you will or no,
 From such fell serpents as false Suffolk is,
 With whose envenomed and fatal sting,
 Your loving uncle, twenty times his worth,
 They say, is shamefully bereft of life.
 An answer from the king, my
 Lord of Salisbury!
SUFFOLK 'Tis like the commons, rude unpolish'd hinds,
 Could send such message to their sovereign:
 But you, my lord, were glad to be employ'd,
 To show how quaint an orator you are:
 But all the honour Salisbury hath won
 Is, that he was the lord ambassador
 Sent from a sort of tinkers to the king.
 An answer from the king, or we will all break in!
KING HENRY VI Go, Salisbury, and tell them all from me.
 I thank them for their tender loving care;
 And had I not been cited so by them,
 Yet did I purpose as they do entreat;
 For, sure, my thoughts do hourly prophesy
 Mischance unto my state by Suffolk's means:
 And therefore, by His majesty I swear,
 Whose far unworthy deputy I am,
 He shall not breathe infection in this air
 But three days longer, on the pain of death.
QUEEN MARGARET O Henry, let me plead for gentle Suffolk!
